PATCH LOGS:
Patch Update Information for 10.4.0.9
========================================

Command: sudo yum clean all
0 files removed

Command: sudo yum makecache
CentOS-8 - AppStream (OpenLogic)                 25 MB/s | 7.8 MB     00:00    
CentOS-8 - Base (OpenLogic)                      28 MB/s | 4.2 MB     00:00    
CentOS-8 - Extras (OpenLogic)                   239 kB/s |  11 kB     00:00    
CentOS-8 - AppStream                             21 kB/s | 8.1 kB     00:00    
CentOS-8 - Base                                 111 kB/s | 8.1 kB     00:00    
CentOS-8 - Extras                                25 kB/s | 8.1 kB     00:00    
CentOS-8 - OpenLogic packages for x86_64        484 kB/s |  16 kB     00:00    
Metadata cache created.

Command: sudo yum check-update
CentOS-8 - AppStream                             25 kB/s | 8.1 kB     00:00    
CentOS-8 - Base                                  19 kB/s | 8.1 kB     00:00    
CentOS-8 - Extras                                34 kB/s | 8.1 kB     00:00    
Last metadata expiration check: 0:00:04 ago on Sun 06 Apr 2025 03:42:01 AM UTC.

NetworkManager.x86_64                   1:1.32.10-4.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64             1:1.32.10-4.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
NetworkManager-team.x86_64              1:1.32.10-4.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64               1:1.32.10-4.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
WALinuxAgent.noarch                     2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8                  openlogic          
WALinuxAgent.src                        2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8                  openlogic          
authselect.x86_64                       1.2.2-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
authselect-compat.x86_64                1.2.2-3.el8                          AppStream-openlogic
authselect-libs.x86_64                  1.2.2-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
avahi-libs.x86_64                       0.7-20.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
bash.x86_64                             4.4.20-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
bind-export-libs.x86_64                 32:9.11.26-6.el8                     BaseOS-openlogic   
bind-libs.x86_64                        32:9.11.26-6.el8                     AppStream-openlogic
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                   32:9.11.26-6.el8                     AppStream-openlogic
bind-license.noarch                     32:9.11.26-6.el8                     AppStream-openlogic
bind-utils.x86_64                       32:9.11.26-6.el8                     AppStream-openlogic
binutils.x86_64                         2.30-108.el8_5.1                     BaseOS-openlogic   
bpftool.x86_64                          4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic   
brotli.x86_64                           1.0.6-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
ca-certificates.noarch                  2021.2.50-80.0.el8_4                 BaseOS-openlogic   
centos-gpg-keys.noarch                  1:8-3_ol001.el8                      openlogic          
chkconfig.x86_64                        1.19.1-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
chrony.x86_64                           4.1-1.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
cloud-init.noarch                       21.1-7.el8_5.3                       AppStream-openlogic
cloud-utils-growpart.noarch             0.31-3.el8                           AppStream-openlogic
cockpit.x86_64                          251.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                   251.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
cockpit-system.noarch                   251.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
cockpit-ws.x86_64                       251.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
coreutils.x86_64                        8.30-12.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
coreutils-common.x86_64                 8.30-12.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
cpio.x86_64                             2.12-10.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
crontabs.noarch                         1.11-17.20190603git.el8              BaseOS-openlogic   
crypto-policies.noarch                  20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el8            BaseOS-openlogic   
cryptsetup.x86_64                       2.3.3-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                  2.3.3-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
cups-libs.x86_64                        1:2.2.6-40.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
curl.x86_64                             7.61.1-22.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                2.1.27-5.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                   2.1.27-5.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                 2.1.27-5.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
dbus.x86_64                             1:1.12.8-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
dbus-common.noarch                      1:1.12.8-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
dbus-daemon.x86_64                      1:1.12.8-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
dbus-libs.x86_64                        1:1.12.8-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
dbus-tools.x86_64                       1:1.12.8-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
dbxtool.x86_64                          8-5.el8_3.2                          BaseOS-openlogic   
device-mapper.x86_64                    8:1.02.177-10.el8                    BaseOS-openlogic   
device-mapper-event.x86_64              8:1.02.177-10.el8                    BaseOS-openlogic   
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64         8:1.02.177-10.el8                    BaseOS-openlogic   
device-mapper-libs.x86_64               8:1.02.177-10.el8                    BaseOS-openlogic   
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64    0.9.0-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
dhcp-client.x86_64                      12:4.3.6-45.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
dhcp-common.noarch                      12:4.3.6-45.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
dhcp-libs.x86_64                        12:4.3.6-45.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
dmidecode.x86_64                        1:3.2-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
dnf.noarch                              4.7.0-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
dnf-data.noarch                         4.7.0-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                 4.0.21-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
dracut.x86_64                           049-191.git20210920.el8              BaseOS-openlogic   
dracut-network.x86_64                   049-191.git20210920.el8              BaseOS-openlogic   
dracut-squash.x86_64                    049-191.git20210920.el8              BaseOS-openlogic   
e2fsprogs.x86_64                        1.45.6-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                   1.45.6-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
efi-filesystem.noarch                   3-3.el8                              BaseOS-openlogic   
efivar.x86_64                           37-4.el8                             BaseOS-openlogic   
efivar-libs.x86_64                      37-4.el8                             BaseOS-openlogic   
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch      0.185-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                  0.185-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
elfutils-libs.x86_64                    0.185-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
emacs-filesystem.noarch                 1:26.1-7.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
ethtool.x86_64                          2:5.8-7.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
expat.x86_64                            2.2.5-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
file.x86_64                             5.33-20.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
file-libs.x86_64                        5.33-20.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
filesystem.x86_64                       3.8-6.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
firewalld.noarch                        0.9.3-7.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
firewalld-filesystem.noarch             0.9.3-7.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
fprintd.x86_64                          1.90.9-2.el8                         AppStream-openlogic
fprintd-pam.x86_64                      1.90.9-2.el8                         AppStream-openlogic
freetype.x86_64                         2.9.1-4.el8_3.1                      BaseOS-openlogic   
gawk.x86_64                             4.2.1-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
glib2.x86_64                            2.56.4-156.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
glibc.x86_64                            2.28-164.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64              2.28-164.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
glibc-common.x86_64                     2.28-164.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
gnupg2.x86_64                           2.2.20-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
gnutls.x86_64                           3.6.16-4.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
gpgme.x86_64                            1.13.1-9.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
gpm-libs.x86_64                         1.20.7-17.el8                        AppStream-openlogic
grub2-common.noarch                     1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                    1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
grub2-pc.x86_64                         1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                 1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
grub2-tools.x86_64                      1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64              1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
grubby.x86_64                           8.40-42.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64        3.32.0-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
gzip.x86_64                             1.9-12.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
hdparm.x86_64                           9.54-4.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
hwdata.noarch                           0.314-8.10.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                   0-0.30.20180415git.el8               AppStream-openlogic
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch           0-0.30.20180415git.el8               AppStream-openlogic
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                     0-0.30.20180415git.el8               AppStream-openlogic
hypervkvpd.x86_64                       0-0.30.20180415git.el8               AppStream-openlogic
hypervvssd.x86_64                       0-0.30.20180415git.el8               AppStream-openlogic
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                    1.3.2-12.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
initscripts.x86_64                      10.00.15-1.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
iproute.x86_64                          5.12.0-4.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
iptables.x86_64                         1.8.4-20.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
iptables-ebtables.x86_64                1.8.4-20.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
iptables-libs.x86_64                    1.8.4-20.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
iputils.x86_64                          20180629-7.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
irqbalance.x86_64                       2:1.4.0-6.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
json-c.x86_64                           0.13.1-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
kbd.x86_64                              2.0.4-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
kbd-legacy.noarch                       2.0.4-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
kbd-misc.noarch                         2.0.4-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
kernel.x86_64                           4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic   
kernel-core.x86_64                      4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic   
kernel-modules.x86_64                   4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic   
kernel-tools.x86_64                     4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic   
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic   
kexec-tools.x86_64                      2.0.20-57.el8_5.1                    BaseOS-openlogic   
keyutils-libs.x86_64                    1.5.10-9.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
kmod.x86_64                             25-18.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
kmod-kvdo.x86_64                        6.2.5.72-81.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
kmod-libs.x86_64                        25-18.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
kpatch.noarch                           0.9.2-5.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
krb5-libs.x86_64                        1.18.2-14.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
ledmon.x86_64                           0.95-1.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
libarchive.x86_64                       3.3.3-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libblkid.x86_64                         2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
libcap.x86_64                           2.26-5.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
libcap-ng.x86_64                        0.7.11-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libcom_err.x86_64                       1.45.6-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libcomps.x86_64                         0.1.16-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libcurl.x86_64                          7.61.1-22.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
libdb.x86_64                            5.3.28-42.el8_4                      BaseOS-openlogic   
libdb-utils.x86_64                      5.3.28-42.el8_4                      BaseOS-openlogic   
libdnf.x86_64                           0.63.0-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libfastjson.x86_64                      0.99.9-1.el8                         AppStream-openlogic
libfdisk.x86_64                         2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
libffi.x86_64                           3.1-22.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
libfprint.x86_64                        1.90.7-1.el8                         AppStream-openlogic
libgcc.x86_64                           8.5.0-4.el8_5                        BaseOS-openlogic   
libgcrypt.x86_64                        1.8.5-6.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libgomp.x86_64                          8.5.0-4.el8_5                        BaseOS-openlogic   
libipa_hbac.x86_64                      2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
libkcapi.x86_64                         1.2.0-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                1.2.0-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libldb.x86_64                           2.3.0-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libmaxminddb.x86_64                     1.2.0-10.el8                         AppStream-openlogic
libmodulemd1.x86_64                     1.8.16-0.2.13.0.1                    BaseOS-openlogic   
libmount.x86_64                         2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
libndp.x86_64                           1.7-6.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
libpcap.x86_64                          14:1.9.1-5.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
libpsl.x86_64                           0.20.2-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libpwquality.x86_64                     1.4.4-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
librelp.x86_64                          1.9.0-1.el8                          AppStream-openlogic
librepo.x86_64                          1.14.0-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libreport-filesystem.x86_64             2.9.5-15.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libseccomp.x86_64                       2.5.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libselinux.x86_64                       2.9-5.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
libselinux-utils.x86_64                 2.9-5.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
libsemanage.x86_64                      2.9-6.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
libsepol.x86_64                         2.9-3.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
libsmartcols.x86_64                     2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
libsmbclient.x86_64                     4.14.5-7.el8_5                       BaseOS-openlogic   
libsolv.x86_64                          0.7.19-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libss.x86_64                            1.45.6-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libssh.x86_64                           0.9.4-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libssh-config.noarch                    0.9.4-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libsss_certmap.x86_64                   2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
libsss_idmap.x86_64                     2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                 2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
libstdc++.x86_64                        8.5.0-4.el8_5                        BaseOS-openlogic   
libstoragemgmt.x86_64                   1.9.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libtalloc.x86_64                        2.3.2-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libtdb.x86_64                           1.4.3-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libteam.x86_64                          1.31-2.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
libtevent.x86_64                        0.11.0-0.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libtirpc.x86_64                         1.1.4-5.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libusbx.x86_64                          1.0.23-4.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
libuuid.x86_64                          2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
libwbclient.x86_64                      4.14.5-7.el8_5                       BaseOS-openlogic   
libxcrypt.x86_64                        4.1.1-6.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
libxml2.x86_64                          2.9.7-9.el8_4.2                      BaseOS-openlogic   
libzstd.x86_64                          1.4.4-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
linux-firmware.noarch                   20210702-103.gitd79c2677.el8         BaseOS-openlogic   
logrotate.x86_64                        3.14.0-4.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
lshw.x86_64                             B.02.19.2-6.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
lsof.x86_64                             4.93.2-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
lsscsi.x86_64                           0.32-3.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
lua-libs.x86_64                         5.3.4-12.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
lvm2.x86_64                             8:2.03.12-10.el8                     BaseOS-openlogic   
lvm2-libs.x86_64                        8:2.03.12-10.el8                     BaseOS-openlogic   
lz4-libs.x86_64                         1.8.3-3.el8_4                        BaseOS-openlogic   
man-db.x86_64                           2.7.6.1-18.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
mcelog.x86_64                           3:175-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
mdadm.x86_64                            4.2-rc2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
microcode_ctl.x86_64                    4:20210608-1.el8                     BaseOS-openlogic   
mokutil.x86_64                          1:0.3.0-11.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
ncurses.x86_64                          6.1-9.20180224.el8                   BaseOS-openlogic   
ncurses-base.noarch                     6.1-9.20180224.el8                   BaseOS-openlogic   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                     6.1-9.20180224.el8                   BaseOS-openlogic   
net-tools.x86_64                        2.0-0.52.20160912git.el8             BaseOS-openlogic   
nettle.x86_64                           3.4.1-7.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
nftables.x86_64                         1:0.9.3-21.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
nmap-ncat.x86_64                        2:7.70-6.el8                         AppStream-openlogic
nspr.x86_64                             4.32.0-1.el8_4                       AppStream-openlogic
nss.x86_64                              3.67.0-7.el8_5                       AppStream-openlogic
nss-softokn.x86_64                      3.67.0-7.el8_5                       AppStream-openlogic
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64               3.67.0-7.el8_5                       AppStream-openlogic
nss-sysinit.x86_64                      3.67.0-7.el8_5                       AppStream-openlogic
nss-util.x86_64                         3.67.0-7.el8_5                       AppStream-openlogic
numactl-libs.x86_64                     2.0.12-13.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
openldap.x86_64                         2.4.46-18.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
openssh.x86_64                          8.0p1-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
openssh-clients.x86_64                  8.0p1-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
openssh-server.x86_64                   8.0p1-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
openssl.x86_64                          1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5                     BaseOS-openlogic   
openssl-libs.x86_64                     1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5                     BaseOS-openlogic   
os-prober.x86_64                        1.74-9.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
p11-kit.x86_64                          0.23.22-1.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                    0.23.22-1.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
pam.x86_64                              1.3.1-15.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
parted.x86_64                           3.2-39.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
pciutils.x86_64                         3.7.0-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
pciutils-libs.x86_64                    3.7.0-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
pcre.x86_64                             8.42-6.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
pcre2.x86_64                            10.32-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
platform-python.x86_64                  3.6.8-41.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
platform-python-pip.noarch              9.0.3-20.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
platform-python-setuptools.noarch       39.2.0-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
policycoreutils.x86_64                  2.9-16.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
polkit.x86_64                           0.115-12.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
polkit-libs.x86_64                      0.115-12.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
popt.x86_64                             1.18-1.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
procps-ng.x86_64                        3.3.15-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-babel.noarch                    2.5.1-7.el8                          AppStream-openlogic
python3-bind.noarch                     32:9.11.26-6.el8                     AppStream-openlogic
python3-cryptography.x86_64             3.2.1-5.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-dnf.noarch                      4.7.0-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch         4.0.21-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-firewall.noarch                 0.9.3-7.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-gobject-base.x86_64             3.28.3-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-gpg.x86_64                      1.13.1-9.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-hawkey.x86_64                   0.63.0-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-jinja2.noarch                   2.10.1-3.el8                         AppStream-openlogic
python3-libcomps.x86_64                 0.1.16-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-libdnf.x86_64                   0.63.0-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-librepo.x86_64                  1.14.0-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-libs.x86_64                     3.6.8-41.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-libselinux.x86_64               2.9-5.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-libsemanage.x86_64              2.9-6.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-libstoragemgmt.i686             1.9.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-libstoragemgmt.x86_64           1.9.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-libxml2.x86_64                  2.9.7-9.el8_4.2                      BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-linux-procfs.noarch             0.6.3-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-nftables.x86_64                 1:0.9.3-21.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-perf.x86_64                     4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-pip.noarch                      9.0.3-20.el8                         AppStream-openlogic
python3-pip-wheel.noarch                9.0.3-20.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-ply.noarch                      3.9-9.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-policycoreutils.noarch          2.9-16.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                19.0.0-1.el8                         AppStream-openlogic
python3-rpm.x86_64                      4.14.3-19.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-setools.x86_64                  4.3.0-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-setuptools.noarch               39.2.0-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-setuptools-wheel.noarch         39.2.0-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-sssdconfig.noarch               2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-syspurpose.x86_64               1.28.21-3.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
python3-urllib3.noarch                  1.24.2-5.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
python36.x86_64                         3.6.8-38.module_el8.5.0+895+a459eca8 AppStream-openlogic
quota.x86_64                            1:4.04-14.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
quota-nls.noarch                        1:4.04-14.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
realmd.x86_64                           0.16.3-23.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
rng-tools.x86_64                        6.13-1.git.d207e0b6.el8              BaseOS-openlogic   
rpm.x86_64                              4.14.3-19.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                   4.14.3-19.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
rpm-libs.x86_64                         4.14.3-19.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64               4.14.3-19.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
rsync.x86_64                            3.1.3-12.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
rsyslog.x86_64                          8.2102.0-5.el8                       AppStream-openlogic
rsyslog-gnutls.x86_64                   8.2102.0-5.el8                       AppStream-openlogic
rsyslog-gssapi.x86_64                   8.2102.0-5.el8                       AppStream-openlogic
rsyslog-relp.x86_64                     8.2102.0-5.el8                       AppStream-openlogic
samba-client-libs.x86_64                4.14.5-7.el8_5                       BaseOS-openlogic   
samba-common.noarch                     4.14.5-7.el8_5                       BaseOS-openlogic   
samba-common-libs.x86_64                4.14.5-7.el8_5                       BaseOS-openlogic   
sed.x86_64                              4.5-2.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
selinux-policy.noarch                   3.14.3-80.el8_5.2                    BaseOS-openlogic   
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch          3.14.3-80.el8_5.2                    BaseOS-openlogic   
setup.noarch                            2.12.2-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
shadow-utils.x86_64                     2:4.6-14.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
smartmontools.x86_64                    1:7.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
snappy.x86_64                           1.1.8-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
sos.noarch                              4.1-5.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
sqlite-libs.x86_64                      3.26.0-15.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
squashfs-tools.x86_64                   4.3-20.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
sssd.x86_64                             2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
sssd-ad.x86_64                          2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
sssd-client.x86_64                      2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
sssd-common.x86_64                      2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
sssd-ipa.x86_64                         2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
sssd-kcm.x86_64                         2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
sssd-krb5.x86_64                        2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                 2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
sssd-ldap.x86_64                        2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic   
strace.x86_64                           5.7-3.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic   
sudo.x86_64                             1.8.29-7.el8_4.1                     BaseOS-openlogic   
systemd.x86_64                          239-51.el8_5.2                       BaseOS-openlogic   
systemd-libs.x86_64                     239-51.el8_5.2                       BaseOS-openlogic   
systemd-pam.x86_64                      239-51.el8_5.2                       BaseOS-openlogic   
systemd-udev.x86_64                     239-51.el8_5.2                       BaseOS-openlogic   
tar.x86_64                              2:1.30-5.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
tcpdump.x86_64                          14:4.9.3-2.el8                       AppStream-openlogic
teamd.x86_64                            1.31-2.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic   
tuned.noarch                            2.16.0-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
tzdata.noarch                           2021e-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
unzip.x86_64                            6.0-45.el8_4                         BaseOS-openlogic   
util-linux.x86_64                       2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
util-linux-user.x86_64                  2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
vdo.x86_64                              6.2.5.74-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic   
vim-common.x86_64                       2:8.0.1763-16.el8                    AppStream-openlogic
vim-enhanced.x86_64                     2:8.0.1763-16.el8                    AppStream-openlogic
vim-filesystem.noarch                   2:8.0.1763-16.el8                    AppStream-openlogic
vim-minimal.x86_64                      2:8.0.1763-16.el8                    BaseOS-openlogic   
virt-what.x86_64                        1.18-12.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
wget.x86_64                             1.19.5-10.el8                        AppStream-openlogic
which.x86_64                            2.21-16.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
xfsprogs.x86_64                         5.0.0-9.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
yum.noarch                              4.7.0-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
yum-utils.noarch                        4.0.21-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic   
zlib.x86_64                             1.2.11-17.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic   
Obsoleting Packages
centos-linux-release.noarch             8.5-1.2111.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
    centos-release.x86_64               8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8                   @BaseOS            
centos-linux-release.noarch             8.5-1.2111.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
    centos-repos.x86_64                 8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8                   @BaseOS            
crypto-policies.noarch                  20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el8            BaseOS-openlogic   
    crypto-policies.noarch              20191128-2.git23e1bf1.el8            @BaseOS            
fwupd.x86_64                            1.5.9-1.el8_4                        BaseOS-openlogic   
    dbxtool.x86_64                      8-5.el8                              @BaseOS            
grub2-tools.x86_64                      1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
    grub2-tools.x86_64                  1:2.02-87.el8_2                      @BaseOS            
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                  1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
    grub2-tools.x86_64                  1:2.02-87.el8_2                      @BaseOS            
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
    grub2-tools.x86_64                  1:2.02-87.el8_2                      @BaseOS            
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64              1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic   
    grub2-tools.x86_64                  1:2.02-87.el8_2                      @BaseOS            
python3-libstoragemgmt.i686             1.9.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
    python3-libstoragemgmt-clibs.x86_64 1.8.3-1.el8                          @BaseOS            
python3-libstoragemgmt.x86_64           1.9.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic   
    python3-libstoragemgmt-clibs.x86_64 1.8.3-1.el8                          @BaseOS            

Command: sudo yum update -y
CentOS-8 - AppStream                             13 kB/s | 8.1 kB     00:00    
CentOS-8 - Base                                  33 kB/s | 8.1 kB     00:00    
CentOS-8 - Extras                                18 kB/s | 8.1 kB     00:00    
Last metadata expiration check: 0:00:07 ago on Sun 06 Apr 2025 03:42:01 AM UTC.
Dependencies resolved.
========================================================================================================
 Package                         Arch    Version                              Repository            Size
========================================================================================================
Installing:
 centos-linux-release            noarch  8.5-1.2111.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic      22 k
     replacing  centos-release.x86_64 8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8
     replacing  centos-repos.x86_64 8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8
 fwupd                           x86_64  1.5.9-1.el8_4                        BaseOS-openlogic     2.8 M
     replacing  dbxtool.x86_64 8-5.el8
 kernel                          x86_64  4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic     7.0 M
 kernel-core                     x86_64  4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic      38 M
 kernel-modules                  x86_64  4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic      30 M
Upgrading:
 NetworkManager                  x86_64  1:1.32.10-4.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     2.6 M
 NetworkManager-libnm            x86_64  1:1.32.10-4.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     1.8 M
 NetworkManager-team             x86_64  1:1.32.10-4.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     148 k
 NetworkManager-tui              x86_64  1:1.32.10-4.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     336 k
 WALinuxAgent                    noarch  2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8                  openlogic            508 k
 authselect                      x86_64  1.2.2-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     133 k
 authselect-compat               x86_64  1.2.2-3.el8                          AppStream-openlogic   38 k
 authselect-libs                 x86_64  1.2.2-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     222 k
 avahi-libs                      x86_64  0.7-20.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic      62 k
 bash                            x86_64  4.4.20-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     1.5 M
 bind-export-libs                x86_64  32:9.11.26-6.el8                     BaseOS-openlogic     1.1 M
 bind-libs                       x86_64  32:9.11.26-6.el8                     AppStream-openlogic  174 k
 bind-libs-lite                  x86_64  32:9.11.26-6.el8                     AppStream-openlogic  1.2 M
 bind-license                    noarch  32:9.11.26-6.el8                     AppStream-openlogic  102 k
 bind-utils                      x86_64  32:9.11.26-6.el8                     AppStream-openlogic  451 k
 binutils                        x86_64  2.30-108.el8_5.1                     BaseOS-openlogic     5.8 M
 bpftool                         x86_64  4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic     7.7 M
 brotli                          x86_64  1.0.6-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     323 k
 ca-certificates                 noarch  2021.2.50-80.0.el8_4                 BaseOS-openlogic     390 k
 centos-gpg-keys                 noarch  1:8-3_ol001.el8                      openlogic             11 k
 chkconfig                       x86_64  1.19.1-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     198 k
 chrony                          x86_64  4.1-1.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     327 k
 cloud-init                      noarch  21.1-7.el8_5.3                       AppStream-openlogic  1.0 M
 cloud-utils-growpart            noarch  0.31-3.el8                           AppStream-openlogic   32 k
 cockpit                         x86_64  251.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      78 k
 cockpit-bridge                  x86_64  251.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     539 k
 cockpit-system                  noarch  251.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     3.2 M
 cockpit-ws                      x86_64  251.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     1.3 M
 coreutils                       x86_64  8.30-12.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     1.2 M
 coreutils-common                x86_64  8.30-12.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     2.0 M
 cpio                            x86_64  2.12-10.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     265 k
 crontabs                        noarch  1.11-17.20190603git.el8              BaseOS-openlogic      25 k
 crypto-policies                 noarch  20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el8            BaseOS-openlogic      63 k
 cryptsetup                      x86_64  2.3.3-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     190 k
 cryptsetup-libs                 x86_64  2.3.3-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     470 k
 cups-libs                       x86_64  1:2.2.6-40.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     433 k
 curl                            x86_64  7.61.1-22.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     351 k
 cyrus-sasl-gssapi               x86_64  2.1.27-5.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      50 k
 cyrus-sasl-lib                  x86_64  2.1.27-5.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     123 k
 cyrus-sasl-plain                x86_64  2.1.27-5.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      47 k
 dbus                            x86_64  1:1.12.8-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic      41 k
 dbus-common                     noarch  1:1.12.8-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic      46 k
 dbus-daemon                     x86_64  1:1.12.8-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     240 k
 dbus-libs                       x86_64  1:1.12.8-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     184 k
 dbus-tools                      x86_64  1:1.12.8-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic      85 k
 device-mapper                   x86_64  8:1.02.177-10.el8                    BaseOS-openlogic     377 k
 device-mapper-event             x86_64  8:1.02.177-10.el8                    BaseOS-openlogic     271 k
 device-mapper-event-libs        x86_64  8:1.02.177-10.el8                    BaseOS-openlogic     270 k
 device-mapper-libs              x86_64  8:1.02.177-10.el8                    BaseOS-openlogic     409 k
 device-mapper-persistent-data   x86_64  0.9.0-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     925 k
 dhcp-client                     x86_64  12:4.3.6-45.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     318 k
 dhcp-common                     noarch  12:4.3.6-45.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     207 k
 dhcp-libs                       x86_64  12:4.3.6-45.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     148 k
 dmidecode                       x86_64  1:3.2-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      91 k
 dnf                             noarch  4.7.0-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     544 k
 dnf-data                        noarch  4.7.0-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     154 k
 dnf-plugins-core                noarch  4.0.21-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      70 k
 dracut                          x86_64  049-191.git20210920.el8              BaseOS-openlogic     374 k
 dracut-network                  x86_64  049-191.git20210920.el8              BaseOS-openlogic     108 k
 dracut-squash                   x86_64  049-191.git20210920.el8              BaseOS-openlogic      61 k
 e2fsprogs                       x86_64  1.45.6-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     1.0 M
 e2fsprogs-libs                  x86_64  1.45.6-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     233 k
 efi-filesystem                  noarch  3-3.el8                              BaseOS-openlogic     9.0 k
 efivar                          x86_64  37-4.el8                             BaseOS-openlogic      35 k
 efivar-libs                     x86_64  37-4.el8                             BaseOS-openlogic     107 k
 elfutils-default-yama-scope     noarch  0.185-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      49 k
 elfutils-libelf                 x86_64  0.185-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     221 k
 elfutils-libs                   x86_64  0.185-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     292 k
 emacs-filesystem                noarch  1:26.1-7.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      70 k
 ethtool                         x86_64  2:5.8-7.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     209 k
 expat                           x86_64  2.2.5-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     111 k
 file                            x86_64  5.33-20.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      77 k
 file-libs                       x86_64  5.33-20.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     543 k
 filesystem                      x86_64  3.8-6.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     1.1 M
 firewalld                       noarch  0.9.3-7.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     502 k
 firewalld-filesystem            noarch  0.9.3-7.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      77 k
 fprintd                         x86_64  1.90.9-2.el8                         AppStream-openlogic  154 k
 fprintd-pam                     x86_64  1.90.9-2.el8                         AppStream-openlogic   28 k
 freetype                        x86_64  2.9.1-4.el8_3.1                      BaseOS-openlogic     394 k
 gawk                            x86_64  4.2.1-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     1.1 M
 glib2                           x86_64  2.56.4-156.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     2.5 M
 glibc                           x86_64  2.28-164.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     3.6 M
 glibc-all-langpacks             x86_64  2.28-164.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      25 M
 glibc-common                    x86_64  2.28-164.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     1.3 M
 gnupg2                          x86_64  2.2.20-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     2.4 M
 gnutls                          x86_64  3.6.16-4.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     1.0 M
 gpgme                           x86_64  1.13.1-9.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     336 k
 gpm-libs                        x86_64  1.20.7-17.el8                        AppStream-openlogic   39 k
 grub2-common                    noarch  1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     891 k
 grub2-efi-x64                   x86_64  1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     478 k
 grub2-pc                        x86_64  1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic      42 k
 grub2-pc-modules                noarch  1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     916 k
 grub2-tools                     x86_64  1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     2.0 M
 grub2-tools-extra               x86_64  1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     1.1 M
 grub2-tools-minimal             x86_64  1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     210 k
 grubby                          x86_64  8.40-42.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      49 k
 gsettings-desktop-schemas       x86_64  3.32.0-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     633 k
 gzip                            x86_64  1.9-12.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic     167 k
 hdparm                          x86_64  9.54-4.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic     100 k
 hwdata                          noarch  0.314-8.10.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     1.7 M
 hyperv-daemons                  x86_64  0-0.30.20180415git.el8               AppStream-openlogic   12 k
 hyperv-daemons-license          noarch  0-0.30.20180415git.el8               AppStream-openlogic   19 k
 hypervfcopyd                    x86_64  0-0.30.20180415git.el8               AppStream-openlogic   19 k
 hypervkvpd                      x86_64  0-0.30.20180415git.el8               AppStream-openlogic   28 k
 hypervvssd                      x86_64  0-0.30.20180415git.el8               AppStream-openlogic   20 k
 ima-evm-utils                   x86_64  1.3.2-12.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      64 k
 initscripts                     x86_64  10.00.15-1.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     339 k
 iproute                         x86_64  5.12.0-4.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     775 k
 iptables                        x86_64  1.8.4-20.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     585 k
 iptables-ebtables               x86_64  1.8.4-20.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      72 k
 iptables-libs                   x86_64  1.8.4-20.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     107 k
 iputils                         x86_64  20180629-7.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     148 k
 irqbalance                      x86_64  2:1.4.0-6.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic      56 k
 json-c                          x86_64  0.13.1-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      40 k
 kbd                             x86_64  2.0.4-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     390 k
 kbd-legacy                      noarch  2.0.4-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     481 k
 kbd-misc                        noarch  2.0.4-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     1.5 M
 kernel-tools                    x86_64  4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic     7.2 M
 kernel-tools-libs               x86_64  4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic     7.0 M
 kexec-tools                     x86_64  2.0.20-57.el8_5.1                    BaseOS-openlogic     514 k
 keyutils-libs                   x86_64  1.5.10-9.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      34 k
 kmod                            x86_64  25-18.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     126 k
 kmod-kvdo                       x86_64  6.2.5.72-81.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     341 k
 kmod-libs                       x86_64  25-18.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic      68 k
 kpatch                          noarch  0.9.2-5.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      17 k
 krb5-libs                       x86_64  1.18.2-14.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     840 k
 ledmon                          x86_64  0.95-1.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic      84 k
 libarchive                      x86_64  3.3.3-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     359 k
 libblkid                        x86_64  2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     217 k
 libcap                          x86_64  2.26-5.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic      60 k
 libcap-ng                       x86_64  0.7.11-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      33 k
 libcom_err                      x86_64  1.45.6-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      49 k
 libcomps                        x86_64  0.1.16-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      82 k
 libcurl                         x86_64  7.61.1-22.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     301 k
 libdb                           x86_64  5.3.28-42.el8_4                      BaseOS-openlogic     751 k
 libdb-utils                     x86_64  5.3.28-42.el8_4                      BaseOS-openlogic     150 k
 libdnf                          x86_64  0.63.0-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     700 k
 libfastjson                     x86_64  0.99.9-1.el8                         AppStream-openlogic   38 k
 libfdisk                        x86_64  2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     251 k
 libffi                          x86_64  3.1-22.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic      37 k
 libfprint                       x86_64  1.90.7-1.el8                         AppStream-openlogic  253 k
 libgcc                          x86_64  8.5.0-4.el8_5                        BaseOS-openlogic      79 k
 libgcrypt                       x86_64  1.8.5-6.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     463 k
 libgomp                         x86_64  8.5.0-4.el8_5                        BaseOS-openlogic     206 k
 libipa_hbac                     x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     116 k
 libkcapi                        x86_64  1.2.0-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      48 k
 libkcapi-hmaccalc               x86_64  1.2.0-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      31 k
 libldb                          x86_64  2.3.0-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     189 k
 libmaxminddb                    x86_64  1.2.0-10.el8                         AppStream-openlogic   33 k
 libmodulemd1                    x86_64  1.8.16-0.2.13.0.1                    BaseOS-openlogic     176 k
 libmount                        x86_64  2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     234 k
 libndp                          x86_64  1.7-6.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic      40 k
 libpcap                         x86_64  14:1.9.1-5.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     169 k
 libpsl                          x86_64  0.20.2-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      61 k
 libpwquality                    x86_64  1.4.4-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     107 k
 librelp                         x86_64  1.9.0-1.el8                          AppStream-openlogic   76 k
 librepo                         x86_64  1.14.0-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      93 k
 libreport-filesystem            x86_64  2.9.5-15.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      21 k
 libseccomp                      x86_64  2.5.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      71 k
 libselinux                      x86_64  2.9-5.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     165 k
 libselinux-utils                x86_64  2.9-5.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     243 k
 libsemanage                     x86_64  2.9-6.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     165 k
 libsepol                        x86_64  2.9-3.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     340 k
 libsmartcols                    x86_64  2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     177 k
 libsmbclient                    x86_64  4.14.5-7.el8_5                       BaseOS-openlogic     148 k
 libsolv                         x86_64  0.7.19-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     374 k
 libss                           x86_64  1.45.6-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      54 k
 libssh                          x86_64  0.9.4-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     215 k
 libssh-config                   noarch  0.9.4-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      19 k
 libsss_certmap                  x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     155 k
 libsss_idmap                    x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     120 k
 libsss_nss_idmap                x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     127 k
 libstdc++                       x86_64  8.5.0-4.el8_5                        BaseOS-openlogic     453 k
 libstoragemgmt                  x86_64  1.9.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     246 k
 libtalloc                       x86_64  2.3.2-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      49 k
 libtdb                          x86_64  1.4.3-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      59 k
 libteam                         x86_64  1.31-2.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic      64 k
 libtevent                       x86_64  0.11.0-0.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      50 k
 libtirpc                        x86_64  1.1.4-5.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     112 k
 libusbx                         x86_64  1.0.23-4.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      74 k
 libuuid                         x86_64  2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic      96 k
 libwbclient                     x86_64  4.14.5-7.el8_5                       BaseOS-openlogic     121 k
 libxcrypt                       x86_64  4.1.1-6.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      73 k
 libxml2                         x86_64  2.9.7-9.el8_4.2                      BaseOS-openlogic     696 k
 libzstd                         x86_64  1.4.4-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     266 k
 linux-firmware                  noarch  20210702-103.gitd79c2677.el8         BaseOS-openlogic     161 M
 logrotate                       x86_64  3.14.0-4.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      86 k
 lshw                            x86_64  B.02.19.2-6.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     341 k
 lsof                            x86_64  4.93.2-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     253 k
 lsscsi                          x86_64  0.32-3.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic      71 k
 lua-libs                        x86_64  5.3.4-12.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     118 k
 lvm2                            x86_64  8:2.03.12-10.el8                     BaseOS-openlogic     1.6 M
 lvm2-libs                       x86_64  8:2.03.12-10.el8                     BaseOS-openlogic     1.2 M
 lz4-libs                        x86_64  1.8.3-3.el8_4                        BaseOS-openlogic      66 k
 man-db                          x86_64  2.7.6.1-18.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     887 k
 mcelog                          x86_64  3:175-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      83 k
 mdadm                           x86_64  4.2-rc2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     460 k
 microcode_ctl                   x86_64  4:20210608-1.el8                     BaseOS-openlogic     5.5 M
 mokutil                         x86_64  1:0.3.0-11.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic      45 k
 ncurses                         x86_64  6.1-9.20180224.el8                   BaseOS-openlogic     387 k
 ncurses-base                    noarch  6.1-9.20180224.el8                   BaseOS-openlogic      81 k
 ncurses-libs                    x86_64  6.1-9.20180224.el8                   BaseOS-openlogic     334 k
 net-tools                       x86_64  2.0-0.52.20160912git.el8             BaseOS-openlogic     322 k
 nettle                          x86_64  3.4.1-7.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     301 k
 nftables                        x86_64  1:0.9.3-21.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     321 k
 nmap-ncat                       x86_64  2:7.70-6.el8                         AppStream-openlogic  237 k
 nspr                            x86_64  4.32.0-1.el8_4                       AppStream-openlogic  142 k
 nss                             x86_64  3.67.0-7.el8_5                       AppStream-openlogic  741 k
 nss-softokn                     x86_64  3.67.0-7.el8_5                       AppStream-openlogic  487 k
 nss-softokn-freebl              x86_64  3.67.0-7.el8_5                       AppStream-openlogic  395 k
 nss-sysinit                     x86_64  3.67.0-7.el8_5                       AppStream-openlogic   73 k
 nss-util                        x86_64  3.67.0-7.el8_5                       AppStream-openlogic  137 k
 numactl-libs                    x86_64  2.0.12-13.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic      36 k
 openldap                        x86_64  2.4.46-18.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     352 k
 openssh                         x86_64  8.0p1-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     522 k
 openssh-clients                 x86_64  8.0p1-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     668 k
 openssh-server                  x86_64  8.0p1-10.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     485 k
 openssl                         x86_64  1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5                     BaseOS-openlogic     709 k
 openssl-libs                    x86_64  1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5                     BaseOS-openlogic     1.5 M
 os-prober                       x86_64  1.74-9.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic      51 k
 p11-kit                         x86_64  0.23.22-1.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     324 k
 p11-kit-trust                   x86_64  0.23.22-1.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     137 k
 pam                             x86_64  1.3.1-15.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     739 k
 parted                          x86_64  3.2-39.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic     555 k
 pciutils                        x86_64  3.7.0-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     105 k
 pciutils-libs                   x86_64  3.7.0-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      54 k
 pcre                            x86_64  8.42-6.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic     211 k
 pcre2                           x86_64  10.32-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     246 k
 platform-python                 x86_64  3.6.8-41.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      85 k
 platform-python-pip             noarch  9.0.3-20.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     1.7 M
 platform-python-setuptools      noarch  39.2.0-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     632 k
 policycoreutils                 x86_64  2.9-16.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic     373 k
 polkit                          x86_64  0.115-12.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     154 k
 polkit-libs                     x86_64  0.115-12.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      76 k
 popt                            x86_64  1.18-1.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic      61 k
 procps-ng                       x86_64  3.3.15-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     329 k
 python3-babel                   noarch  2.5.1-7.el8                          AppStream-openlogic  4.8 M
 python3-bind                    noarch  32:9.11.26-6.el8                     AppStream-openlogic  150 k
 python3-cryptography            x86_64  3.2.1-5.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     559 k
 python3-dnf                     noarch  4.7.0-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     545 k
 python3-dnf-plugins-core        noarch  4.0.21-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     234 k
 python3-firewall                noarch  0.9.3-7.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     432 k
 python3-gobject-base            x86_64  3.28.3-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     313 k
 python3-gpg                     x86_64  1.13.1-9.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     245 k
 python3-hawkey                  x86_64  0.63.0-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     116 k
 python3-jinja2                  noarch  2.10.1-3.el8                         AppStream-openlogic  538 k
 python3-libcomps                x86_64  0.1.16-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      51 k
 python3-libdnf                  x86_64  0.63.0-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     777 k
 python3-librepo                 x86_64  1.14.0-2.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      53 k
 python3-libs                    x86_64  3.6.8-41.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     7.8 M
 python3-libselinux              x86_64  2.9-5.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     283 k
 python3-libsemanage             x86_64  2.9-6.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     127 k
 python3-libstoragemgmt          x86_64  1.9.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     175 k
     replacing  python3-libstoragemgmt-clibs.x86_64 1.8.3-1.el8
 python3-libxml2                 x86_64  2.9.7-9.el8_4.2                      BaseOS-openlogic     237 k
 python3-linux-procfs            noarch  0.6.3-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      43 k
 python3-nftables                x86_64  1:0.9.3-21.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic      29 k
 python3-perf                    x86_64  4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5                 BaseOS-openlogic     7.1 M
 python3-pip                     noarch  9.0.3-20.el8                         AppStream-openlogic   20 k
 python3-pip-wheel               noarch  9.0.3-20.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     1.0 M
 python3-ply                     noarch  3.9-9.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     111 k
 python3-policycoreutils         noarch  2.9-16.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic     2.2 M
 python3-pyOpenSSL               noarch  19.0.0-1.el8                         AppStream-openlogic  103 k
 python3-rpm                     x86_64  4.14.3-19.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     154 k
 python3-setools                 x86_64  4.3.0-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     626 k
 python3-setuptools              noarch  39.2.0-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     163 k
 python3-setuptools-wheel        noarch  39.2.0-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     289 k
 python3-sssdconfig              noarch  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     142 k
 python3-syspurpose              x86_64  1.28.21-3.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     312 k
 python3-urllib3                 noarch  1.24.2-5.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     177 k
 python36                        x86_64  3.6.8-38.module_el8.5.0+895+a459eca8 AppStream-openlogic   19 k
 quota                           x86_64  1:4.04-14.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     214 k
 quota-nls                       noarch  1:4.04-14.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic      95 k
 realmd                          x86_64  0.16.3-23.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     238 k
 rng-tools                       x86_64  6.13-1.git.d207e0b6.el8              BaseOS-openlogic      71 k
 rpm                             x86_64  4.14.3-19.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     543 k
 rpm-build-libs                  x86_64  4.14.3-19.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     156 k
 rpm-libs                        x86_64  4.14.3-19.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     344 k
 rpm-plugin-selinux              x86_64  4.14.3-19.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic      77 k
 rsync                           x86_64  3.1.3-12.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     405 k
 rsyslog                         x86_64  8.2102.0-5.el8                       AppStream-openlogic  752 k
 rsyslog-gnutls                  x86_64  8.2102.0-5.el8                       AppStream-openlogic   32 k
 rsyslog-gssapi                  x86_64  8.2102.0-5.el8                       AppStream-openlogic   34 k
 rsyslog-relp                    x86_64  8.2102.0-5.el8                       AppStream-openlogic   33 k
 samba-client-libs               x86_64  4.14.5-7.el8_5                       BaseOS-openlogic     5.4 M
 samba-common                    noarch  4.14.5-7.el8_5                       BaseOS-openlogic     221 k
 samba-common-libs               x86_64  4.14.5-7.el8_5                       BaseOS-openlogic     173 k
 sed                             x86_64  4.5-2.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     298 k
 selinux-policy                  noarch  3.14.3-80.el8_5.2                    BaseOS-openlogic     636 k
 selinux-policy-targeted         noarch  3.14.3-80.el8_5.2                    BaseOS-openlogic      15 M
 setup                           noarch  2.12.2-6.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     181 k
 shadow-utils                    x86_64  2:4.6-14.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     1.2 M
 smartmontools                   x86_64  1:7.1-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     544 k
 snappy                          x86_64  1.1.8-3.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      37 k
 sos                             noarch  4.1-5.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     706 k
 sqlite-libs                     x86_64  3.26.0-15.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     581 k
 squashfs-tools                  x86_64  4.3-20.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic     165 k
 sssd                            x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     107 k
 sssd-ad                         x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     271 k
 sssd-client                     x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     205 k
 sssd-common                     x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     1.6 M
 sssd-common-pac                 x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     179 k
 sssd-ipa                        x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     348 k
 sssd-kcm                        x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     254 k
 sssd-krb5                       x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     150 k
 sssd-krb5-common                x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     186 k
 sssd-ldap                       x86_64  2.5.2-2.el8_5.3                      BaseOS-openlogic     209 k
 strace                          x86_64  5.7-3.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     1.1 M
 sudo                            x86_64  1.8.29-7.el8_4.1                     BaseOS-openlogic     925 k
 systemd                         x86_64  239-51.el8_5.2                       BaseOS-openlogic     3.6 M
 systemd-libs                    x86_64  239-51.el8_5.2                       BaseOS-openlogic     1.1 M
 systemd-pam                     x86_64  239-51.el8_5.2                       BaseOS-openlogic     477 k
 systemd-udev                    x86_64  239-51.el8_5.2                       BaseOS-openlogic     1.6 M
 tar                             x86_64  2:1.30-5.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     838 k
 tcpdump                         x86_64  14:4.9.3-2.el8                       AppStream-openlogic  452 k
 teamd                           x86_64  1.31-2.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic     130 k
 tuned                           noarch  2.16.0-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     312 k
 tzdata                          noarch  2021e-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     474 k
 unzip                           x86_64  6.0-45.el8_4                         BaseOS-openlogic     195 k
 util-linux                      x86_64  2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     2.5 M
 util-linux-user                 x86_64  2.32.1-28.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     100 k
 vdo                             x86_64  6.2.5.74-14.el8                      BaseOS-openlogic     663 k
 vim-common                      x86_64  2:8.0.1763-16.el8                    AppStream-openlogic  6.3 M
 vim-enhanced                    x86_64  2:8.0.1763-16.el8                    AppStream-openlogic  1.4 M
 vim-filesystem                  noarch  2:8.0.1763-16.el8                    AppStream-openlogic   49 k
 vim-minimal                     x86_64  2:8.0.1763-16.el8                    BaseOS-openlogic     573 k
 virt-what                       x86_64  1.18-12.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      36 k
 wget                            x86_64  1.19.5-10.el8                        AppStream-openlogic  734 k
 which                           x86_64  2.21-16.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      49 k
 xfsprogs                        x86_64  5.0.0-9.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     1.1 M
 yum                             noarch  4.7.0-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     205 k
 yum-utils                       noarch  4.0.21-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      73 k
 zlib                            x86_64  1.2.11-17.el8                        BaseOS-openlogic     102 k
Installing dependencies:
 ModemManager-glib               x86_64  1.10.8-4.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     264 k
 WALinuxAgent-udev               noarch  2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8                  openlogic             14 k
 bubblewrap                      x86_64  0.4.0-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      50 k
 centos-linux-repos              noarch  8-3_ol001.el8                        openlogic             19 k
 crypto-policies-scripts         noarch  20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el8            BaseOS-openlogic      83 k
 fstrm                           x86_64  0.6.1-2.el8                          AppStream-openlogic   29 k
 grub2-tools-efi                 x86_64  1:2.02-106.el8                       BaseOS-openlogic     474 k
 libbpf                          x86_64  0.4.0-1.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     110 k
 libgcab1                        x86_64  1.1-1.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic      79 k
 libibverbs                      x86_64  35.0-1.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic     335 k
 libicu                          x86_64  60.3-2.el8_1                         BaseOS-openlogic     8.8 M
 libmbim                         x86_64  1.20.2-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     114 k
 libmodulemd                     x86_64  2.13.0-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     233 k
 libqmi                          x86_64  1.24.0-3.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic     568 k
 libsmbios                       x86_64  2.4.1-2.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic      99 k
 libxmlb                         x86_64  0.1.15-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      91 k
 lmdb-libs                       x86_64  0.9.24-1.el8                         BaseOS-openlogic      58 k
 protobuf-c                      x86_64  1.3.0-6.el8                          AppStream-openlogic   37 k
 rdma-core                       x86_64  35.0-1.el8                           BaseOS-openlogic      59 k
 shared-mime-info                x86_64  1.9-3.el8                            BaseOS-openlogic     329 k
 tpm2-tss                        x86_64  2.3.2-4.el8                          BaseOS-openlogic     275 k

Transaction Summary
========================================================================================================
Install   26 Packages
Upgrade  332 Packages

Total download size: 484 M
Downloading Packages:
(1/358): protobuf-c-1.3.0-6.el8.x86_64.rpm      903 kB/s |  37 kB     00:00    
(2/358): fstrm-0.6.1-2.el8.x86_64.rpm           667 kB/s |  29 kB     00:00    
(3/358): ModemManager-glib-1.10.8-4.el8.x86_64. 5.6 MB/s | 264 kB     00:00    
(4/358): bubblewrap-0.4.0-1.el8.x86_64.rpm      5.9 MB/s |  50 kB     00:00    
(5/358): centos-linux-release-8.5-1.2111.el8.no 3.4 MB/s |  22 kB     00:00    
(6/358): crypto-policies-scripts-20210617-1.git  11 MB/s |  83 kB     00:00    
(7/358): grub2-tools-efi-2.02-106.el8.x86_64.rp 9.7 MB/s | 474 kB     00:00    
(8/358): fwupd-1.5.9-1.el8_4.x86_64.rpm          20 MB/s | 2.8 MB     00:00    
(9/358): kernel-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64.rpm  33 MB/s | 7.0 MB     00:00    
(10/358): libbpf-0.4.0-1.el8.x86_64.rpm         6.6 MB/s | 110 kB     00:00    
(11/358): libgcab1-1.1-1.el8.x86_64.rpm         6.9 MB/s |  79 kB     00:00    
(12/358): libibverbs-35.0-1.el8.x86_64.rpm       15 MB/s | 335 kB     00:00    
(13/358): libicu-60.3-2.el8_1.x86_64.rpm         56 MB/s | 8.8 MB     00:00    
(14/358): libmbim-1.20.2-1.el8.x86_64.rpm        16 MB/s | 114 kB     00:00    
(15/358): libmodulemd-2.13.0-1.el8.x86_64.rpm    21 MB/s | 233 kB     00:00    
(16/358): libqmi-1.24.0-3.el8.x86_64.rpm         30 MB/s | 568 kB     00:00    
(17/358): libsmbios-2.4.1-2.el8.x86_64.rpm      7.5 MB/s |  99 kB     00:00    
(18/358): libxmlb-0.1.15-1.el8.x86_64.rpm        12 MB/s |  91 kB     00:00    
(19/358): lmdb-libs-0.9.24-1.el8.x86_64.rpm     6.4 MB/s |  58 kB     00:00    
(20/358): rdma-core-35.0-1.el8.x86_64.rpm       4.3 MB/s |  59 kB     00:00    
(21/358): shared-mime-info-1.9-3.el8.x86_64.rpm  20 MB/s | 329 kB     00:00    
(22/358): tpm2-tss-2.3.2-4.el8.x86_64.rpm        14 MB/s | 275 kB     00:00    
(23/358): WALinuxAgent-udev-2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8 7.8 MB/s |  14 kB     00:00    
(24/358): centos-linux-repos-8-3_ol001.el8.noar  12 MB/s |  19 kB     00:00    
(25/358): authselect-compat-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64. 3.0 MB/s |  38 kB     00:00    
(26/358): bind-libs-9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64.rpm     11 MB/s | 174 kB     00:00    
(27/358): bind-libs-lite-9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64.r  51 MB/s | 1.2 MB     00:00    
(28/358): bind-license-9.11.26-6.el8.noarch.rpm  16 MB/s | 102 kB     00:00    
(29/358): bind-utils-9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64.rpm    28 MB/s | 451 kB     00:00    
(30/358): cloud-init-21.1-7.el8_5.3.noarch.rpm   39 MB/s | 1.0 MB     00:00    
(31/358): cloud-utils-growpart-0.31-3.el8.noarc 5.4 MB/s |  32 kB     00:00    
(32/358): fprintd-1.90.9-2.el8.x86_64.rpm       9.8 MB/s | 154 kB     00:00    
(33/358): fprintd-pam-1.90.9-2.el8.x86_64.rpm   4.0 MB/s |  28 kB     00:00    
(34/358): gpm-libs-1.20.7-17.el8.x86_64.rpm     3.4 MB/s |  39 kB     00:00    
(35/358): hyperv-daemons-0-0.30.20180415git.el8 1.5 MB/s |  12 kB     00:00    
(36/358): hyperv-daemons-license-0-0.30.2018041 7.4 MB/s |  19 kB     00:00    
(37/358): kernel-modules-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x  43 MB/s |  30 MB     00:00    
(38/358): hypervfcopyd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x 151 kB/s |  19 kB     00:00    
(39/358): hypervkvpd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86 2.9 MB/s |  28 kB     00:00    
(40/358): hypervvssd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86 2.2 MB/s |  20 kB     00:00    
(41/358): kernel-core-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_  40 MB/s |  38 MB     00:00    
(42/358): libfastjson-0.99.9-1.el8.x86_64.rpm   246 kB/s |  38 kB     00:00    
(43/358): libfprint-1.90.7-1.el8.x86_64.rpm     1.6 MB/s | 253 kB     00:00    
(44/358): libmaxminddb-1.2.0-10.el8.x86_64.rpm  3.2 MB/s |  33 kB     00:00    
(45/358): librelp-1.9.0-1.el8.x86_64.rpm        4.3 MB/s |  76 kB     00:00    
(46/358): nmap-ncat-7.70-6.el8.x86_64.rpm       7.1 MB/s | 237 kB     00:00    
(47/358): nspr-4.32.0-1.el8_4.x86_64.rpm        4.9 MB/s | 142 kB     00:00    
(48/358): nss-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64.rpm          25 MB/s | 741 kB     00:00    
(49/358): nss-softokn-freebl-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86  31 MB/s | 395 kB     00:00    
(50/358): nss-softokn-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64.rpm  26 MB/s | 487 kB     00:00    
(51/358): nss-sysinit-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64.rpm  10 MB/s |  73 kB     00:00    
(52/358): nss-util-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64.rpm     17 MB/s | 137 kB     00:00    
(53/358): python3-bind-9.11.26-6.el8.noarch.rpm  16 MB/s | 150 kB     00:00    
(54/358): python3-pip-9.0.3-20.el8.noarch.rpm   2.3 MB/s |  20 kB     00:00    
(55/358): python3-jinja2-2.10.1-3.el8.noarch.rp  28 MB/s | 538 kB     00:00    
(56/358): python3-pyOpenSSL-19.0.0-1.el8.noarch 9.0 MB/s | 103 kB     00:00    
(57/358): python36-3.6.8-38.module_el8.5.0+895+ 2.0 MB/s |  19 kB     00:00    
(58/358): rsyslog-gnutls-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64. 2.8 MB/s |  32 kB     00:00    
(59/358): rsyslog-gssapi-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64. 7.9 MB/s |  34 kB     00:00    
(60/358): rsyslog-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64.rpm      26 MB/s | 752 kB     00:00    
(61/358): rsyslog-relp-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64.rp 3.5 MB/s |  33 kB     00:00    
(62/358): python3-babel-2.5.1-7.el8.noarch.rpm   53 MB/s | 4.8 MB     00:00    
(63/358): tcpdump-4.9.3-2.el8.x86_64.rpm        9.8 MB/s | 452 kB     00:00    
(64/358): vim-filesystem-8.0.1763-16.el8.noarch 7.5 MB/s |  49 kB     00:00    
(65/358): vim-enhanced-8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64.r  35 MB/s | 1.4 MB     00:00    
(66/358): wget-1.19.5-10.el8.x86_64.rpm          28 MB/s | 734 kB     00:00    
(67/358): vim-common-8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64.rpm  56 MB/s | 6.3 MB     00:00    
(68/358): NetworkManager-team-1.32.10-4.el8.x86  17 MB/s | 148 kB     00:00    
(69/358): NetworkManager-tui-1.32.10-4.el8.x86_  34 MB/s | 336 kB     00:00    
(70/358): NetworkManager-libnm-1.32.10-4.el8.x8  29 MB/s | 1.8 MB     00:00    
(71/358): NetworkManager-1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64.r  32 MB/s | 2.6 MB     00:00    
(72/358): authselect-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64.rpm     6.4 MB/s | 133 kB     00:00    
(73/358): authselect-libs-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64.rp  15 MB/s | 222 kB     00:00    
(74/358): avahi-libs-0.7-20.el8.x86_64.rpm      6.8 MB/s |  62 kB     00:00    
(75/358): bash-4.4.20-2.el8.x86_64.rpm           47 MB/s | 1.5 MB     00:00    
(76/358): bind-export-libs-9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64  28 MB/s | 1.1 MB     00:00    
(77/358): brotli-1.0.6-3.el8.x86_64.rpm          20 MB/s | 323 kB     00:00    
(78/358): ca-certificates-2021.2.50-80.0.el8_4.  27 MB/s | 390 kB     00:00    
(79/358): chkconfig-1.19.1-1.el8.x86_64.rpm      19 MB/s | 198 kB     00:00    
(80/358): binutils-2.30-108.el8_5.1.x86_64.rpm   56 MB/s | 5.8 MB     00:00    
(81/358): chrony-4.1-1.el8.x86_64.rpm           9.4 MB/s | 327 kB     00:00    
(82/358): cockpit-251.1-1.el8.x86_64.rpm        8.8 MB/s |  78 kB     00:00    
(83/358): bpftool-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64.r  64 MB/s | 7.7 MB     00:00    
(84/358): cockpit-bridge-251.1-1.el8.x86_64.rpm  13 MB/s | 539 kB     00:00    
(85/358): cockpit-ws-251.1-1.el8.x86_64.rpm      63 MB/s | 1.3 MB     00:00    
(86/358): coreutils-8.30-12.el8.x86_64.rpm       29 MB/s | 1.2 MB     00:00    
(87/358): cockpit-system-251.1-1.el8.noarch.rpm  34 MB/s | 3.2 MB     00:00    
(88/358): cpio-2.12-10.el8.x86_64.rpm            16 MB/s | 265 kB     00:00    
(89/358): coreutils-common-8.30-12.el8.x86_64.r  38 MB/s | 2.0 MB     00:00    
(90/358): crontabs-1.11-17.20190603git.el8.noar 2.0 MB/s |  25 kB     00:00    
(91/358): crypto-policies-20210617-1.gitc776d3e 6.4 MB/s |  63 kB     00:00    
(92/358): cryptsetup-2.3.3-4.el8.x86_64.rpm      23 MB/s | 190 kB     00:00    
(93/358): cups-libs-2.2.6-40.el8.x86_64.rpm      34 MB/s | 433 kB     00:00    
(94/358): cryptsetup-libs-2.3.3-4.el8.x86_64.rp  30 MB/s | 470 kB     00:00    
(95/358): curl-7.61.1-22.el8.x86_64.rpm          31 MB/s | 351 kB     00:00    
(96/358): cyrus-sasl-gssapi-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64 4.9 MB/s |  50 kB     00:00    
(97/358): cyrus-sasl-plain-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64. 7.8 MB/s |  47 kB     00:00    
(98/358): cyrus-sasl-lib-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64.rp  11 MB/s | 123 kB     00:00    
(99/358): dbus-1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64.rpm         4.4 MB/s |  41 kB     00:00    
(100/358): dbus-common-1.12.8-14.el8.noarch.rpm 6.0 MB/s |  46 kB     00:00    
(101/358): dbus-daemon-1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64.rpm  25 MB/s | 240 kB     00:00    
(102/358): dbus-tools-1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64.rpm   13 MB/s |  85 kB     00:00    
(103/358): dbus-libs-1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64.rpm    20 MB/s | 184 kB     00:00    
(104/358): device-mapper-1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64  31 MB/s | 377 kB     00:00    
(105/358): device-mapper-event-1.02.177-10.el8.  26 MB/s | 271 kB     00:00    
(106/358): device-mapper-event-libs-1.02.177-10  20 MB/s | 270 kB     00:00    
(107/358): device-mapper-libs-1.02.177-10.el8.x  33 MB/s | 409 kB     00:00    
(108/358): dhcp-client-4.3.6-45.el8.x86_64.rpm   26 MB/s | 318 kB     00:00    
(109/358): device-mapper-persistent-data-0.9.0-  43 MB/s | 925 kB     00:00    
(110/358): dhcp-common-4.3.6-45.el8.noarch.rpm   16 MB/s | 207 kB     00:00    
(111/358): dhcp-libs-4.3.6-45.el8.x86_64.rpm     17 MB/s | 148 kB     00:00    
(112/358): dmidecode-3.2-10.el8.x86_64.rpm       10 MB/s |  91 kB     00:00    
(113/358): dnf-data-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch.rpm       19 MB/s | 154 kB     00:00    
(114/358): dnf-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch.rpm            35 MB/s | 544 kB     00:00    
(115/358): dnf-plugins-core-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch 8.5 MB/s |  70 kB     00:00    
(116/358): dracut-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_6  33 MB/s | 374 kB     00:00    
(117/358): dracut-squash-049-191.git20210920.el 8.6 MB/s |  61 kB     00:00    
(118/358): dracut-network-049-191.git20210920.e  12 MB/s | 108 kB     00:00    
(119/358): efi-filesystem-3-3.el8.noarch.rpm    2.0 MB/s | 9.0 kB     00:00    
(120/358): e2fsprogs-libs-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64.r  24 MB/s | 233 kB     00:00    
(121/358): efivar-37-4.el8.x86_64.rpm           8.0 MB/s |  35 kB     00:00    
(122/358): e2fsprogs-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64.rpm     51 MB/s | 1.0 MB     00:00    
(123/358): efivar-libs-37-4.el8.x86_64.rpm      9.8 MB/s | 107 kB     00:00    
(124/358): elfutils-default-yama-scope-0.185-1. 4.6 MB/s |  49 kB     00:00    
(125/358): elfutils-libelf-0.185-1.el8.x86_64.r  27 MB/s | 221 kB     00:00    
(126/358): emacs-filesystem-26.1-7.el8.noarch.r 9.9 MB/s |  70 kB     00:00    
(127/358): elfutils-libs-0.185-1.el8.x86_64.rpm  28 MB/s | 292 kB     00:00    
(128/358): file-5.33-20.el8.x86_64.rpm          5.7 MB/s |  77 kB     00:00    
(129/358): expat-2.2.5-4.el8.x86_64.rpm         6.4 MB/s | 111 kB     00:00    
(130/358): ethtool-5.8-7.el8.x86_64.rpm          11 MB/s | 209 kB     00:00    
(131/358): file-libs-5.33-20.el8.x86_64.rpm      39 MB/s | 543 kB     00:00    
(132/358): firewalld-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch.rpm      27 MB/s | 502 kB     00:00    
(133/358): filesystem-3.8-6.el8.x86_64.rpm       45 MB/s | 1.1 MB     00:00    
(134/358): firewalld-filesystem-0.9.3-7.el8.noa 6.1 MB/s |  77 kB     00:00    
(135/358): freetype-2.9.1-4.el8_3.1.x86_64.rpm   33 MB/s | 394 kB     00:00    
(136/358): gawk-4.2.1-2.el8.x86_64.rpm           44 MB/s | 1.1 MB     00:00    
(137/358): glib2-2.56.4-156.el8.x86_64.rpm       50 MB/s | 2.5 MB     00:00    
(138/358): glibc-common-2.28-164.el8.x86_64.rpm  72 MB/s | 1.3 MB     00:00    
(139/358): glibc-2.28-164.el8.x86_64.rpm         44 MB/s | 3.6 MB     00:00    
(140/358): gnupg2-2.2.20-2.el8.x86_64.rpm        49 MB/s | 2.4 MB     00:00    
(141/358): gnutls-3.6.16-4.el8.x86_64.rpm        28 MB/s | 1.0 MB     00:00    
(142/358): gpgme-1.13.1-9.el8.x86_64.rpm         32 MB/s | 336 kB     00:00    
(143/358): grub2-efi-x64-2.02-106.el8.x86_64.rp  37 MB/s | 478 kB     00:00    
(144/358): grub2-common-2.02-106.el8.noarch.rpm  35 MB/s | 891 kB     00:00    
(145/358): grub2-pc-2.02-106.el8.x86_64.rpm     4.7 MB/s |  42 kB     00:00    
(146/358): grub2-pc-modules-2.02-106.el8.noarch  36 MB/s | 916 kB     00:00    
(147/358): grub2-tools-2.02-106.el8.x86_64.rpm   54 MB/s | 2.0 MB     00:00    
(148/358): grub2-tools-minimal-2.02-106.el8.x86  22 MB/s | 210 kB     00:00    
(149/358): grub2-tools-extra-2.02-106.el8.x86_6  35 MB/s | 1.1 MB     00:00    
(150/358): grubby-8.40-42.el8.x86_64.rpm        5.0 MB/s |  49 kB     00:00    
(151/358): gzip-1.9-12.el8.x86_64.rpm            19 MB/s | 167 kB     00:00    
(152/358): hdparm-9.54-4.el8.x86_64.rpm          12 MB/s | 100 kB     00:00    
(153/358): gsettings-desktop-schemas-3.32.0-6.e  29 MB/s | 633 kB     00:00    
(154/358): ima-evm-utils-1.3.2-12.el8.x86_64.rp 6.8 MB/s |  64 kB     00:00    
(155/358): initscripts-10.00.15-1.el8.x86_64.rp  26 MB/s | 339 kB     00:00    
(156/358): hwdata-0.314-8.10.el8.noarch.rpm      48 MB/s | 1.7 MB     00:00    
(157/358): iproute-5.12.0-4.el8.x86_64.rpm       31 MB/s | 775 kB     00:00    
(158/358): iptables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64.rpm      28 MB/s | 585 kB     00:00    
(159/358): iptables-ebtables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_6  11 MB/s |  72 kB     00:00    
(160/358): iptables-libs-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64.rp  16 MB/s | 107 kB     00:00    
(161/358): iputils-20180629-7.el8.x86_64.rpm     17 MB/s | 148 kB     00:00    
(162/358): irqbalance-1.4.0-6.el8.x86_64.rpm     10 MB/s |  56 kB     00:00    
(163/358): json-c-0.13.1-2.el8.x86_64.rpm       9.0 MB/s |  40 kB     00:00    
(164/358): kbd-2.0.4-10.el8.x86_64.rpm           35 MB/s | 390 kB     00:00    
(165/358): glibc-all-langpacks-2.28-164.el8.x86  67 MB/s |  25 MB     00:00    
(166/358): kbd-legacy-2.0.4-10.el8.noarch.rpm   4.2 MB/s | 481 kB     00:00    
(167/358): kbd-misc-2.0.4-10.el8.noarch.rpm      13 MB/s | 1.5 MB     00:00    
(168/358): kexec-tools-2.0.20-57.el8_5.1.x86_64  32 MB/s | 514 kB     00:00    
(169/358): keyutils-libs-1.5.10-9.el8.x86_64.rp 4.1 MB/s |  34 kB     00:00    
(170/358): kmod-25-18.el8.x86_64.rpm             18 MB/s | 126 kB     00:00    
(171/358): kmod-kvdo-6.2.5.72-81.el8.x86_64.rpm  31 MB/s | 341 kB     00:00    
(172/358): kmod-libs-25-18.el8.x86_64.rpm        12 MB/s |  68 kB     00:00    
(173/358): kpatch-0.9.2-5.el8.noarch.rpm        3.4 MB/s |  17 kB     00:00    
(174/358): krb5-libs-1.18.2-14.el8.x86_64.rpm    50 MB/s | 840 kB     00:00    
(175/358): kernel-tools-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x8  59 MB/s | 7.2 MB     00:00    
(176/358): ledmon-0.95-1.el8.x86_64.rpm         2.4 MB/s |  84 kB     00:00    
(177/358): libarchive-3.3.3-1.el8.x86_64.rpm     24 MB/s | 359 kB     00:00    
(178/358): libblkid-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64.rpm     14 MB/s | 217 kB     00:00    
(179/358): libcap-2.26-5.el8.x86_64.rpm         8.6 MB/s |  60 kB     00:00    
(180/358): libcap-ng-0.7.11-1.el8.x86_64.rpm    3.8 MB/s |  33 kB     00:00    
(181/358): libcom_err-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64.rpm   8.7 MB/s |  49 kB     00:00    
(182/358): kernel-tools-libs-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8  40 MB/s | 7.0 MB     00:00    
(183/358): libcomps-0.1.16-2.el8.x86_64.rpm     2.6 MB/s |  82 kB     00:00    
(184/358): libcurl-7.61.1-22.el8.x86_64.rpm     9.3 MB/s | 301 kB     00:00    
(185/358): libdb-utils-5.3.28-42.el8_4.x86_64.r  19 MB/s | 150 kB     00:00    
(186/358): libdb-5.3.28-42.el8_4.x86_64.rpm      48 MB/s | 751 kB     00:00    
(187/358): libfdisk-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64.rpm     23 MB/s | 251 kB     00:00    
(188/358): libffi-3.1-22.el8.x86_64.rpm         7.3 MB/s |  37 kB     00:00    
(189/358): libgcc-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64.rpm       27 MB/s |  79 kB     00:00    
(190/358): libdnf-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64.rpm        30 MB/s | 700 kB     00:00    
(191/358): libgomp-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64.rpm      32 MB/s | 206 kB     00:00    
(192/358): libgcrypt-1.8.5-6.el8.x86_64.rpm      31 MB/s | 463 kB     00:00    
(193/358): libkcapi-1.2.0-2.el8.x86_64.rpm      7.4 MB/s |  48 kB     00:00    
(194/358): libipa_hbac-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64.r  11 MB/s | 116 kB     00:00    
(195/358): libkcapi-hmaccalc-1.2.0-2.el8.x86_64  15 MB/s |  31 kB     00:00    
(196/358): libldb-2.3.0-2.el8.x86_64.rpm         21 MB/s | 189 kB     00:00    
(197/358): libmodulemd1-1.8.16-0.2.13.0.1.x86_6  19 MB/s | 176 kB     00:00    
(198/358): libmount-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64.rpm     22 MB/s | 234 kB     00:00    
(199/358): libndp-1.7-6.el8.x86_64.rpm          6.5 MB/s |  40 kB     00:00    
(200/358): libpcap-1.9.1-5.el8.x86_64.rpm        12 MB/s | 169 kB     00:00    
(201/358): libpsl-0.20.2-6.el8.x86_64.rpm       4.5 MB/s |  61 kB     00:00    
(202/358): libpwquality-1.4.4-3.el8.x86_64.rpm  9.4 MB/s | 107 kB     00:00    
(203/358): librepo-1.14.0-2.el8.x86_64.rpm       14 MB/s |  93 kB     00:00    
(204/358): libreport-filesystem-2.9.5-15.el8.x8 3.6 MB/s |  21 kB     00:00    
(205/358): libseccomp-2.5.1-1.el8.x86_64.rpm     11 MB/s |  71 kB     00:00    
(206/358): libsemanage-2.9-6.el8.x86_64.rpm      21 MB/s | 165 kB     00:00    
(207/358): libselinux-utils-2.9-5.el8.x86_64.rp  11 MB/s | 243 kB     00:00    
(208/358): libselinux-2.9-5.el8.x86_64.rpm      6.9 MB/s | 165 kB     00:00    
(209/358): libsepol-2.9-3.el8.x86_64.rpm         17 MB/s | 340 kB     00:00    
(210/358): libsmbclient-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64.r  13 MB/s | 148 kB     00:00    
(211/358): libsmartcols-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64.rp  11 MB/s | 177 kB     00:00    
(212/358): libss-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64.rpm        8.9 MB/s |  54 kB     00:00    
(213/358): libsolv-0.7.19-1.el8.x86_64.rpm       27 MB/s | 374 kB     00:00    
(214/358): libssh-0.9.4-3.el8.x86_64.rpm         25 MB/s | 215 kB     00:00    
(215/358): libssh-config-0.9.4-3.el8.noarch.rpm 2.6 MB/s |  19 kB     00:00    
(216/358): libsss_certmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_6  17 MB/s | 155 kB     00:00    
(217/358): libsss_idmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64.  15 MB/s | 120 kB     00:00    
(218/358): libsss_nss_idmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86  14 MB/s | 127 kB     00:00    
(219/358): libstoragemgmt-1.9.1-1.el8.x86_64.rp  28 MB/s | 246 kB     00:00    
(220/358): libtalloc-2.3.2-1.el8.x86_64.rpm     6.8 MB/s |  49 kB     00:00    
(221/358): libstdc++-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64.rpm    29 MB/s | 453 kB     00:00    
(222/358): libtdb-1.4.3-1.el8.x86_64.rpm        6.6 MB/s |  59 kB     00:00    
(223/358): libteam-1.31-2.el8.x86_64.rpm        7.1 MB/s |  64 kB     00:00    
(224/358): libtevent-0.11.0-0.el8.x86_64.rpm    7.0 MB/s |  50 kB     00:00    
(225/358): libtirpc-1.1.4-5.el8.x86_64.rpm       14 MB/s | 112 kB     00:00    
(226/358): libusbx-1.0.23-4.el8.x86_64.rpm       10 MB/s |  74 kB     00:00    
(227/358): libuuid-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64.rpm      10 MB/s |  96 kB     00:00    
(228/358): libwbclient-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64.rp  15 MB/s | 121 kB     00:00    
(229/358): libxcrypt-4.1.1-6.el8.x86_64.rpm     8.6 MB/s |  73 kB     00:00    
(230/358): libzstd-1.4.4-1.el8.x86_64.rpm        22 MB/s | 266 kB     00:00    
(231/358): libxml2-2.9.7-9.el8_4.2.x86_64.rpm    32 MB/s | 696 kB     00:00    
(232/358): logrotate-3.14.0-4.el8.x86_64.rpm     13 MB/s |  86 kB     00:00    
(233/358): lsof-4.93.2-1.el8.x86_64.rpm          23 MB/s | 253 kB     00:00    
(234/358): lshw-B.02.19.2-6.el8.x86_64.rpm       21 MB/s | 341 kB     00:00    
(235/358): lsscsi-0.32-3.el8.x86_64.rpm         3.8 MB/s |  71 kB     00:00    
(236/358): lua-libs-5.3.4-12.el8.x86_64.rpm     7.0 MB/s | 118 kB     00:00    
(237/358): lvm2-2.03.12-10.el8.x86_64.rpm        52 MB/s | 1.6 MB     00:00    
(238/358): lvm2-libs-2.03.12-10.el8.x86_64.rpm   30 MB/s | 1.2 MB     00:00    
(239/358): lz4-libs-1.8.3-3.el8_4.x86_64.rpm    7.2 MB/s |  66 kB     00:00    
(240/358): mcelog-175-1.el8.x86_64.rpm          8.5 MB/s |  83 kB     00:00    
(241/358): mdadm-4.2-rc2.el8.x86_64.rpm          30 MB/s | 460 kB     00:00    
(242/358): man-db-2.7.6.1-18.el8.x86_64.rpm      27 MB/s | 887 kB     00:00    
(243/358): mokutil-0.3.0-11.el8.x86_64.rpm      7.1 MB/s |  45 kB     00:00    
(244/358): ncurses-6.1-9.20180224.el8.x86_64.rp  27 MB/s | 387 kB     00:00    
(245/358): ncurses-base-6.1-9.20180224.el8.noar  12 MB/s |  81 kB     00:00    
(246/358): microcode_ctl-20210608-1.el8.x86_64.  64 MB/s | 5.5 MB     00:00    
(247/358): ncurses-libs-6.1-9.20180224.el8.x86_ 5.2 MB/s | 334 kB     00:00    
(248/358): net-tools-2.0-0.52.20160912git.el8.x  24 MB/s | 322 kB     00:00    
(249/358): nettle-3.4.1-7.el8.x86_64.rpm         20 MB/s | 301 kB     00:00    
(250/358): nftables-0.9.3-21.el8.x86_64.rpm      24 MB/s | 321 kB     00:00    
(251/358): numactl-libs-2.0.12-13.el8.x86_64.rp 6.0 MB/s |  36 kB     00:00    
(252/358): openldap-2.4.46-18.el8.x86_64.rpm     30 MB/s | 352 kB     00:00    
(253/358): openssh-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64.rpm       31 MB/s | 522 kB     00:00    
(254/358): openssh-clients-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64.  32 MB/s | 668 kB     00:00    
(255/358): openssh-server-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64.r  25 MB/s | 485 kB     00:00    
(256/358): openssl-1.1.1k-5.el8_5.x86_64.rpm     43 MB/s | 709 kB     00:00    
(257/358): os-prober-1.74-9.el8.x86_64.rpm      8.2 MB/s |  51 kB     00:00    
(258/358): openssl-libs-1.1.1k-5.el8_5.x86_64.r  46 MB/s | 1.5 MB     00:00    
(259/358): p11-kit-0.23.22-1.el8.x86_64.rpm      16 MB/s | 324 kB     00:00    
(260/358): p11-kit-trust-0.23.22-1.el8.x86_64.r  19 MB/s | 137 kB     00:00    
(261/358): pam-1.3.1-15.el8.x86_64.rpm           36 MB/s | 739 kB     00:00    
(262/358): parted-3.2-39.el8.x86_64.rpm          27 MB/s | 555 kB     00:00    
(263/358): pciutils-3.7.0-1.el8.x86_64.rpm       16 MB/s | 105 kB     00:00    
(264/358): pciutils-libs-3.7.0-1.el8.x86_64.rpm 8.2 MB/s |  54 kB     00:00    
(265/358): pcre-8.42-6.el8.x86_64.rpm            26 MB/s | 211 kB     00:00    
(266/358): pcre2-10.32-2.el8.x86_64.rpm          25 MB/s | 246 kB     00:00    
(267/358): platform-python-3.6.8-41.el8.x86_64. 8.2 MB/s |  85 kB     00:00    
(268/358): platform-python-setuptools-39.2.0-6.  37 MB/s | 632 kB     00:00    
(269/358): platform-python-pip-9.0.3-20.el8.noa  44 MB/s | 1.7 MB     00:00    
(270/358): policycoreutils-2.9-16.el8.x86_64.rp  20 MB/s | 373 kB     00:00    
(271/358): polkit-libs-0.115-12.el8.x86_64.rpm  9.2 MB/s |  76 kB     00:00    
(272/358): polkit-0.115-12.el8.x86_64.rpm        12 MB/s | 154 kB     00:00    
(273/358): popt-1.18-1.el8.x86_64.rpm            11 MB/s |  61 kB     00:00    
(274/358): procps-ng-3.3.15-6.el8.x86_64.rpm     31 MB/s | 329 kB     00:00    
(275/358): python3-cryptography-3.2.1-5.el8.x86  36 MB/s | 559 kB     00:00    
(276/358): python3-dnf-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch.rpm    31 MB/s | 545 kB     00:00    
(277/358): python3-dnf-plugins-core-4.0.21-3.el  20 MB/s | 234 kB     00:00    
(278/358): python3-firewall-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch.  30 MB/s | 432 kB     00:00    
(279/358): python3-gobject-base-3.28.3-2.el8.x8  23 MB/s | 313 kB     00:00    
(280/358): python3-hawkey-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64.r  15 MB/s | 116 kB     00:00    
(281/358): python3-gpg-1.13.1-9.el8.x86_64.rpm   18 MB/s | 245 kB     00:00    
(282/358): python3-libcomps-0.1.16-2.el8.x86_64 8.8 MB/s |  51 kB     00:00    
(283/358): python3-librepo-1.14.0-2.el8.x86_64.  11 MB/s |  53 kB     00:00    
(284/358): python3-libdnf-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64.r  41 MB/s | 777 kB     00:00    
(285/358): python3-libselinux-2.9-5.el8.x86_64.  22 MB/s | 283 kB     00:00    
(286/358): python3-libsemanage-2.9-6.el8.x86_64  17 MB/s | 127 kB     00:00    
(287/358): python3-libstoragemgmt-1.9.1-1.el8.x  21 MB/s | 175 kB     00:00    
(288/358): python3-libxml2-2.9.7-9.el8_4.2.x86_  26 MB/s | 237 kB     00:00    
(289/358): python3-linux-procfs-0.6.3-1.el8.noa 5.1 MB/s |  43 kB     00:00    
(290/358): python3-nftables-0.9.3-21.el8.x86_64  14 kB/s |  29 kB     00:02    
(291/358): python3-libs-3.6.8-41.el8.x86_64.rpm 3.6 MB/s | 7.8 MB     00:02    
(292/358): python3-pip-wheel-9.0.3-20.el8.noarc  18 MB/s | 1.0 MB     00:00    
(293/358): python3-ply-3.9-9.el8.noarch.rpm     4.5 MB/s | 111 kB     00:00    
(294/358): python3-perf-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x8  39 MB/s | 7.1 MB     00:00    
(295/358): python3-rpm-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64.rpm  18 MB/s | 154 kB     00:00    
(296/358): python3-setools-4.3.0-2.el8.x86_64.r  44 MB/s | 626 kB     00:00    
(297/358): python3-setuptools-39.2.0-6.el8.noar  20 MB/s | 163 kB     00:00    
(298/358): python3-setuptools-wheel-39.2.0-6.el  29 MB/s | 289 kB     00:00    
(299/358): python3-sssdconfig-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.n  15 MB/s | 142 kB     00:00    
(300/358): python3-policycoreutils-2.9-16.el8.n  20 MB/s | 2.2 MB     00:00    
(301/358): python3-syspurpose-1.28.21-3.el8.x86  15 MB/s | 312 kB     00:00    
(302/358): python3-urllib3-1.24.2-5.el8.noarch.  19 MB/s | 177 kB     00:00    
(303/358): quota-4.04-14.el8.x86_64.rpm          24 MB/s | 214 kB     00:00    
(304/358): quota-nls-4.04-14.el8.noarch.rpm      12 MB/s |  95 kB     00:00    
(305/358): realmd-0.16.3-23.el8.x86_64.rpm       20 MB/s | 238 kB     00:00    
(306/358): rng-tools-6.13-1.git.d207e0b6.el8.x8 9.5 MB/s |  71 kB     00:00    
(307/358): rpm-build-libs-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64.  15 MB/s | 156 kB     00:00    
(308/358): rpm-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64.rpm          26 MB/s | 543 kB     00:00    
(309/358): rpm-libs-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64.rpm     22 MB/s | 344 kB     00:00    
(310/358): rpm-plugin-selinux-4.14.3-19.el8.x86  11 MB/s |  77 kB     00:00    
(311/358): rsync-3.1.3-12.el8.x86_64.rpm        7.6 MB/s | 405 kB     00:00    
(312/358): samba-common-4.14.5-7.el8_5.noarch.r  17 MB/s | 221 kB     00:00    
(313/358): samba-common-libs-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86  19 MB/s | 173 kB     00:00    
(314/358): sed-4.5-2.el8.x86_64.rpm              17 MB/s | 298 kB     00:00    
(315/358): selinux-policy-3.14.3-80.el8_5.2.noa  26 MB/s | 636 kB     00:00    
(316/358): samba-client-libs-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86  37 MB/s | 5.4 MB     00:00    
(317/358): setup-2.12.2-6.el8.noarch.rpm         17 MB/s | 181 kB     00:00    
(318/358): shadow-utils-4.6-14.el8.x86_64.rpm    17 MB/s | 1.2 MB     00:00    
(319/358): smartmontools-7.1-1.el8.x86_64.rpm    13 MB/s | 544 kB     00:00    
(320/358): snappy-1.1.8-3.el8.x86_64.rpm        6.4 MB/s |  37 kB     00:00    
(321/358): sos-4.1-5.el8.noarch.rpm              18 MB/s | 706 kB     00:00    
(322/358): sqlite-libs-3.26.0-15.el8.x86_64.rpm  12 MB/s | 581 kB     00:00    
(323/358): selinux-policy-targeted-3.14.3-80.el  25 MB/s |  15 MB     00:00    
(324/358): squashfs-tools-4.3-20.el8.x86_64.rpm 2.1 MB/s | 165 kB     00:00    
(325/358): sssd-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64.rpm       15 MB/s | 107 kB     00:00    
(326/358): sssd-ad-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64.rpm    20 MB/s | 271 kB     00:00    
(327/358): sssd-client-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64.r  21 MB/s | 205 kB     00:00    
(328/358): sssd-common-pac-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_  18 MB/s | 179 kB     00:00    
(329/358): sssd-ipa-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64.rpm   31 MB/s | 348 kB     00:00    
(330/358): sssd-kcm-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64.rpm   25 MB/s | 254 kB     00:00    
(331/358): sssd-krb5-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64.rpm  20 MB/s | 150 kB     00:00    
(332/358): sssd-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64.r  32 MB/s | 1.6 MB     00:00    
(333/358): sssd-krb5-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86  16 MB/s | 186 kB     00:00    
(334/358): sssd-ldap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64.rpm  20 MB/s | 209 kB     00:00    
(335/358): strace-5.7-3.el8.x86_64.rpm           32 MB/s | 1.1 MB     00:00    
(336/358): sudo-1.8.29-7.el8_4.1.x86_64.rpm      17 MB/s | 925 kB     00:00    
(337/358): systemd-libs-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64.r  14 MB/s | 1.1 MB     00:00    
(338/358): systemd-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64.rpm     29 MB/s | 3.6 MB     00:00    
(339/358): systemd-pam-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64.rp  13 MB/s | 477 kB     00:00    
(340/358): systemd-udev-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64.r  30 MB/s | 1.6 MB     00:00    
(341/358): tar-1.30-5.el8.x86_64.rpm            3.3 MB/s | 838 kB     00:00    
(342/358): teamd-1.31-2.el8.x86_64.rpm          593 kB/s | 130 kB     00:00    
(343/358): tzdata-2021e-1.el8.noarch.rpm         34 MB/s | 474 kB     00:00    
(344/358): tuned-2.16.0-1.el8.noarch.rpm         17 MB/s | 312 kB     00:00    
(345/358): unzip-6.0-45.el8_4.x86_64.rpm         17 MB/s | 195 kB     00:00    
(346/358): util-linux-user-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64  12 MB/s | 100 kB     00:00    
(347/358): vdo-6.2.5.74-14.el8.x86_64.rpm        24 MB/s | 663 kB     00:00    
(348/358): vim-minimal-8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64.r  33 MB/s | 573 kB     00:00    
(349/358): virt-what-1.18-12.el8.x86_64.rpm     5.2 MB/s |  36 kB     00:00    
(350/358): which-2.21-16.el8.x86_64.rpm         4.4 MB/s |  49 kB     00:00    
(351/358): util-linux-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64.rpm   24 MB/s | 2.5 MB     00:00    
(352/358): xfsprogs-5.0.0-9.el8.x86_64.rpm       32 MB/s | 1.1 MB     00:00    
(353/358): yum-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch.rpm            13 MB/s | 205 kB     00:00    
(354/358): yum-utils-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch.rpm     10 MB/s |  73 kB     00:00    
(355/358): zlib-1.2.11-17.el8.x86_64.rpm        9.6 MB/s | 102 kB     00:00    
(356/358): centos-gpg-keys-8-3_ol001.el8.noarch 6.8 MB/s |  11 kB     00:00    
(357/358): WALinuxAgent-2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8.noa  40 MB/s | 508 kB     00:00    
(358/358): linux-firmware-20210702-103.gitd79c2  27 MB/s | 161 MB     00:05    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                            58 MB/s | 484 MB     00:08     
Running transaction check
Transaction check succeeded.
Running transaction test
Transaction test succeeded.
Running transaction
  Running scriptlet: filesystem-3.8-6.el8.x86_64                            1/1 
  Running scriptlet: kmod-kvdo-6.2.5.72-81.el8.x86_64                       1/1 
  Preparing        :                                                        1/1 
  Running scriptlet: libgcc-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                            1/1 
  Upgrading        : libgcc-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                          1/694 
  Running scriptlet: libgcc-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                          1/694 
  Upgrading        : hyperv-daemons-license-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.no     2/694 
  Upgrading        : bind-license-32:9.11.26-6.el8.noarch                 3/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-setuptools-wheel-39.2.0-6.el8.noarch         4/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-pip-wheel-9.0.3-20.el8.noarch                5/694 
  Upgrading        : libreport-filesystem-2.9.5-15.el8.x86_64             6/694 
  Upgrading        : hwdata-0.314-8.10.el8.noarch                         7/694 
  Upgrading        : dnf-data-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                          8/694 
  Upgrading        : centos-gpg-keys-1:8-3_ol001.el8.noarch               9/694 
  Upgrading        : tzdata-2021e-1.el8.noarch                           10/694 
  Upgrading        : quota-nls-1:4.04-14.el8.noarch                      11/694 
  Upgrading        : ncurses-base-6.1-9.20180224.el8.noarch              12/694 
  Upgrading        : pcre2-10.32-2.el8.x86_64                            13/694 
  Upgrading        : libselinux-2.9-5.el8.x86_64                         14/694 
  Running scriptlet: libselinux-2.9-5.el8.x86_64                         14/694 
  Upgrading        : ncurses-libs-6.1-9.20180224.el8.x86_64              15/694 
  Upgrading        : glibc-all-langpacks-2.28-164.el8.x86_64             16/694 
  Upgrading        : glibc-common-2.28-164.el8.x86_64                    17/694 
  Running scriptlet: glibc-2.28-164.el8.x86_64                           18/694 
  Upgrading        : glibc-2.28-164.el8.x86_64                           18/694 
  Running scriptlet: glibc-2.28-164.el8.x86_64                           18/694 
  Upgrading        : bash-4.4.20-2.el8.x86_64                            19/694 
  Running scriptlet: bash-4.4.20-2.el8.x86_64                            19/694 
  Upgrading        : libsepol-2.9-3.el8.x86_64                           20/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsepol-2.9-3.el8.x86_64                           20/694 
  Upgrading        : setup-2.12.2-6.el8.noarch                           21/694 
warning: /etc/shadow created as /etc/shadow.rpmnew

  Running scriptlet: setup-2.12.2-6.el8.noarch                           21/694 
  Upgrading        : filesystem-3.8-6.el8.x86_64                         22/694 
  Installing       : centos-linux-release-8.5-1.2111.el8.noarch          23/694 
  Installing       : centos-linux-repos-8-3_ol001.el8.noarch             24/694 
  Running scriptlet: centos-linux-repos-8-3_ol001.el8.noarch             24/694 
Repointing OpenLogic repositories in /etc/yum.repos.d/OpenLogicCentOS.repo to vault.centos.org

  Upgrading        : zlib-1.2.11-17.el8.x86_64                           25/694 
  Upgrading        : libcom_err-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                      26/694 
  Running scriptlet: libcom_err-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                      26/694 
  Upgrading        : libcap-2.26-5.el8.x86_64                            27/694 
  Upgrading        : popt-1.18-1.el8.x86_64                              28/694 
  Upgrading        : libxml2-2.9.7-9.el8_4.2.x86_64                      29/694 
  Upgrading        : sqlite-libs-3.26.0-15.el8.x86_64                    30/694 
  Upgrading        : libtalloc-2.3.2-1.el8.x86_64                        31/694 
  Upgrading        : libxcrypt-4.1.1-6.el8.x86_64                        32/694 
  Upgrading        : sed-4.5-2.el8.x86_64                                33/694 
  Running scriptlet: sed-4.5-2.el8.x86_64                                33/694 
  Upgrading        : libuuid-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                        34/694 
  Running scriptlet: libuuid-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                        34/694 
  Upgrading        : elfutils-libelf-0.185-1.el8.x86_64                  35/694 
  Upgrading        : libstdc++-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                      36/694 
  Running scriptlet: libstdc++-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                      36/694 
  Upgrading        : libtevent-0.11.0-0.el8.x86_64                       37/694 
  Upgrading        : libtdb-1.4.3-1.el8.x86_64                           38/694 
  Running scriptlet: libtdb-1.4.3-1.el8.x86_64                           38/694 
  Upgrading        : chkconfig-1.19.1-1.el8.x86_64                       39/694 
  Upgrading        : gawk-4.2.1-2.el8.x86_64                             40/694 
  Upgrading        : libzstd-1.4.4-1.el8.x86_64                          41/694 
  Upgrading        : grub2-common-1:2.02-106.el8.noarch                  42/694 
error: lsetfilecon: (/boot/efi/EFI/centos, system_u:object_r:boot_t:s0) Operation not supported

  Upgrading        : expat-2.2.5-4.el8.x86_64                            43/694 
  Upgrading        : json-c-0.13.1-2.el8.x86_64                          44/694 
  Upgrading        : keyutils-libs-1.5.10-9.el8.x86_64                   45/694 
  Upgrading        : libsss_idmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 46/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsss_idmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 46/694 
  Upgrading        : lua-libs-5.3.4-12.el8.x86_64                        47/694 
  Upgrading        : which-2.21-16.el8.x86_64                            48/694 
  Upgrading        : libsemanage-2.9-6.el8.x86_64                        49/694 
  Upgrading        : nspr-4.32.0-1.el8_4.x86_64                          50/694 
  Running scriptlet: nspr-4.32.0-1.el8_4.x86_64                          50/694 
  Upgrading        : libcap-ng-0.7.11-1.el8.x86_64                       51/694 
  Upgrading        : nss-util-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                      52/694 
  Upgrading        : file-libs-5.33-20.el8.x86_64                        53/694 
  Upgrading        : file-5.33-20.el8.x86_64                             54/694 
  Upgrading        : libffi-3.1-22.el8.x86_64                            55/694 
  Upgrading        : p11-kit-0.23.22-1.el8.x86_64                        56/694 
  Upgrading        : libsmartcols-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                   57/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsmartcols-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                   57/694 
  Upgrading        : lz4-libs-1.8.3-3.el8_4.x86_64                       58/694 
  Upgrading        : p11-kit-trust-0.23.22-1.el8.x86_64                  59/694 
  Running scriptlet: p11-kit-trust-0.23.22-1.el8.x86_64                  59/694 
  Upgrading        : nettle-3.4.1-7.el8.x86_64                           60/694 
  Running scriptlet: nettle-3.4.1-7.el8.x86_64                           60/694 
  Installing       : fstrm-0.6.1-2.el8.x86_64                            61/694 
  Installing       : protobuf-c-1.3.0-6.el8.x86_64                       62/694 
  Upgrading        : libmaxminddb-1.2.0-10.el8.x86_64                    63/694 
  Running scriptlet: libmaxminddb-1.2.0-10.el8.x86_64                    63/694 
  Upgrading        : efivar-libs-37-4.el8.x86_64                         64/694 
  Running scriptlet: efivar-libs-37-4.el8.x86_64                         64/694 
  Upgrading        : libgcrypt-1.8.5-6.el8.x86_64                        65/694 
  Running scriptlet: libgcrypt-1.8.5-6.el8.x86_64                        65/694 
  Upgrading        : pciutils-libs-3.7.0-1.el8.x86_64                    66/694 
  Running scriptlet: pciutils-libs-3.7.0-1.el8.x86_64                    66/694 
  Upgrading        : e2fsprogs-libs-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                  67/694 
  Running scriptlet: e2fsprogs-libs-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                  67/694 
  Upgrading        : dmidecode-1:3.2-10.el8.x86_64                       68/694 
  Upgrading        : ethtool-2:5.8-7.el8.x86_64                          69/694 
  Upgrading        : libpsl-0.20.2-6.el8.x86_64                          70/694 
  Upgrading        : libseccomp-2.5.1-1.el8.x86_64                       71/694 
  Running scriptlet: libseccomp-2.5.1-1.el8.x86_64                       71/694 
  Upgrading        : numactl-libs-2.0.12-13.el8.x86_64                   72/694 
  Running scriptlet: numactl-libs-2.0.12-13.el8.x86_64                   72/694 
  Upgrading        : squashfs-tools-4.3-20.el8.x86_64                    73/694 
  Upgrading        : nss-softokn-freebl-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64            74/694 
  Upgrading        : nss-softokn-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                   75/694 
  Upgrading        : device-mapper-persistent-data-0.9.0-4.el8.x86_64    76/694 
  Upgrading        : libcomps-0.1.16-2.el8.x86_64                        77/694 
  Upgrading        : grub2-pc-modules-1:2.02-106.el8.noarch              78/694 
  Installing       : libicu-60.3-2.el8_1.x86_64                          79/694 
  Running scriptlet: libicu-60.3-2.el8_1.x86_64                          79/694 
  Upgrading        : snappy-1.1.8-3.el8.x86_64                           80/694 
  Installing       : libbpf-0.4.0-1.el8.x86_64                           81/694 
  Installing       : bubblewrap-0.4.0-1.el8.x86_64                       82/694 
  Upgrading        : libss-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                           83/694 
  Running scriptlet: libss-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                           83/694 
  Upgrading        : freetype-2.9.1-4.el8_3.1.x86_64                     84/694 
  Upgrading        : efi-filesystem-3-3.el8.noarch                       85/694 
error: lsetfilecon: (/boot/efi, system_u:object_r:boot_t:s0) Operation not supported
error: lsetfilecon: (/boot/efi/EFI, system_u:object_r:boot_t:s0) Operation not supported
error: lsetfilecon: (/boot/efi/EFI/BOOT, system_u:object_r:boot_t:s0) Operation not supported

  Upgrading        : libselinux-utils-2.9-5.el8.x86_64                   86/694 
  Upgrading        : coreutils-common-8.30-12.el8.x86_64                 87/694 
  Running scriptlet: coreutils-common-8.30-12.el8.x86_64                 87/694 
  Upgrading        : kernel-tools-libs-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64       88/694 
  Running scriptlet: kernel-tools-libs-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64       88/694 
  Installing       : libsmbios-2.4.1-2.el8.x86_64                        89/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsmbios-2.4.1-2.el8.x86_64                        89/694 
  Installing       : lmdb-libs-0.9.24-1.el8.x86_64                       90/694 
  Upgrading        : gpm-libs-1.20.7-17.el8.x86_64                       91/694 
  Running scriptlet: gpm-libs-1.20.7-17.el8.x86_64                       91/694 
  Upgrading        : libfastjson-0.99.9-1.el8.x86_64                     92/694 
  Running scriptlet: libfastjson-0.99.9-1.el8.x86_64                     92/694 
  Upgrading        : brotli-1.0.6-3.el8.x86_64                           93/694 
  Upgrading        : cpio-2.12-10.el8.x86_64                             94/694 
  Upgrading        : hdparm-9.54-4.el8.x86_64                            95/694 
  Upgrading        : libndp-1.7-6.el8.x86_64                             96/694 
  Running scriptlet: libndp-1.7-6.el8.x86_64                             96/694 
  Upgrading        : libsss_nss_idmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64             97/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsss_nss_idmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64             97/694 
  Upgrading        : libteam-1.31-2.el8.x86_64                           98/694 
  Running scriptlet: libteam-1.31-2.el8.x86_64                           98/694 
  Upgrading        : ncurses-6.1-9.20180224.el8.x86_64                   99/694 
  Upgrading        : pcre-8.42-6.el8.x86_64                             100/694 
  Running scriptlet: pcre-8.42-6.el8.x86_64                             100/694 
  Upgrading        : vim-minimal-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64               101/694 
  Upgrading        : linux-firmware-20210702-103.gitd79c2677.el8.noar   102/694 
  Upgrading        : libssh-config-0.9.4-3.el8.noarch                   103/694 
  Upgrading        : kbd-misc-2.0.4-10.el8.noarch                       104/694 
  Upgrading        : kbd-legacy-2.0.4-10.el8.noarch                     105/694 
  Upgrading        : firewalld-filesystem-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch            106/694 
  Upgrading        : dhcp-common-12:4.3.6-45.el8.noarch                 107/694 
  Upgrading        : dbus-common-1:1.12.8-14.el8.noarch                 108/694 
  Upgrading        : cyrus-sasl-lib-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64                 109/694 
  Running scriptlet: cyrus-sasl-lib-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64                 109/694 
  Upgrading        : grub2-tools-minimal-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64          110/694 
  Upgrading        : libssh-0.9.4-3.el8.x86_64                          111/694 
  Upgrading        : openldap-2.4.46-18.el8.x86_64                      112/694 
  Upgrading        : platform-python-pip-9.0.3-20.el8.noarch            113/694 
  Upgrading        : platform-python-setuptools-39.2.0-6.el8.noarch     114/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-libs-3.6.8-41.el8.x86_64                   115/694 
  Upgrading        : libcurl-7.61.1-22.el8.x86_64                       116/694 
  Upgrading        : platform-python-3.6.8-41.el8.x86_64                117/694 
  Running scriptlet: platform-python-3.6.8-41.el8.x86_64                117/694 
  Upgrading        : grubby-8.40-42.el8.x86_64                          118/694 
  Upgrading        : libkcapi-1.2.0-2.el8.x86_64                        119/694 
  Upgrading        : libkcapi-hmaccalc-1.2.0-2.el8.x86_64               120/694 
  Upgrading        : libarchive-3.3.3-1.el8.x86_64                      121/694 
  Upgrading        : libdb-utils-5.3.28-42.el8_4.x86_64                 122/694 
  Upgrading        : curl-7.61.1-22.el8.x86_64                          123/694 
  Installing       : crypto-policies-scripts-20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el   124/694 
  Upgrading        : crypto-policies-20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el8.noarch   125/694 
  Running scriptlet: crypto-policies-20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el8.noarch   125/694 
  Upgrading        : gnutls-3.6.16-4.el8.x86_64                         126/694 
  Upgrading        : elfutils-default-yama-scope-0.185-1.el8.noarch     127/694 
  Running scriptlet: elfutils-default-yama-scope-0.185-1.el8.noarch     127/694 
  Upgrading        : elfutils-libs-0.185-1.el8.x86_64                   128/694 
  Upgrading        : gzip-1.9-12.el8.x86_64                             129/694 
  Running scriptlet: gzip-1.9-12.el8.x86_64                             129/694 
  Upgrading        : procps-ng-3.3.15-6.el8.x86_64                      130/694 
  Upgrading        : krb5-libs-1.18.2-14.el8.x86_64                     131/694 
  Upgrading        : libtirpc-1.1.4-5.el8.x86_64                        132/694 
  Running scriptlet: libtirpc-1.1.4-5.el8.x86_64                        132/694 
  Upgrading        : device-mapper-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64             133/694 
  Upgrading        : rpm-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                           134/694 
  Upgrading        : libfdisk-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                      135/694 
  Running scriptlet: libfdisk-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                      135/694 
  Upgrading        : libmount-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                      136/694 
  Running scriptlet: libmount-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                      136/694 
  Upgrading        : dbus-libs-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                   137/694 
  Running scriptlet: dbus-libs-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                   137/694 
  Upgrading        : dbus-tools-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                  138/694 
  Upgrading        : coreutils-8.30-12.el8.x86_64                       139/694 
  Upgrading        : systemd-libs-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                 140/694 
  Running scriptlet: systemd-libs-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                 140/694 
  Upgrading        : device-mapper-libs-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64        141/694 
  Upgrading        : libblkid-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                      142/694 
  Running scriptlet: libblkid-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                      142/694 
  Upgrading        : shadow-utils-2:4.6-14.el8.x86_64                   143/694 
  Running scriptlet: ca-certificates-2021.2.50-80.0.el8_4.noarch        144/694 
  Upgrading        : ca-certificates-2021.2.50-80.0.el8_4.noarch        144/694 
  Running scriptlet: ca-certificates-2021.2.50-80.0.el8_4.noarch        144/694 
  Upgrading        : openssl-libs-1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5.x86_64               145/694 
  Running scriptlet: openssl-libs-1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5.x86_64               145/694 
  Upgrading        : libdb-5.3.28-42.el8_4.x86_64                       146/694 
  Running scriptlet: libdb-5.3.28-42.el8_4.x86_64                       146/694 
  Upgrading        : rpm-libs-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                      147/694 
  Running scriptlet: rpm-libs-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                      147/694 
  Upgrading        : kmod-25-18.el8.x86_64                              148/694 
  Upgrading        : kmod-libs-25-18.el8.x86_64                         149/694 
  Running scriptlet: kmod-libs-25-18.el8.x86_64                         149/694 
  Upgrading        : cryptsetup-libs-2.3.3-4.el8.x86_64                 150/694 
  Running scriptlet: cryptsetup-libs-2.3.3-4.el8.x86_64                 150/694 
  Running scriptlet: dbus-daemon-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                 151/694 
  Upgrading        : dbus-daemon-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                 151/694 
  Running scriptlet: dbus-daemon-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                 151/694 
  Upgrading        : kbd-2.0.4-10.el8.x86_64                            152/694 
  Upgrading        : libpwquality-1.4.4-3.el8.x86_64                    153/694 
  Upgrading        : pam-1.3.1-15.el8.x86_64                            154/694 
  Running scriptlet: pam-1.3.1-15.el8.x86_64                            154/694 
  Upgrading        : util-linux-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                    155/694 
  Running scriptlet: util-linux-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                    155/694 
  Upgrading        : systemd-pam-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                  156/694 
  Upgrading        : dracut-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_64              157/694 
  Upgrading        : os-prober-1.74-9.el8.x86_64                        158/694 
  Running scriptlet: grub2-tools-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                  159/694 
  Upgrading        : grub2-tools-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                  159/694 
  Running scriptlet: grub2-tools-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                  159/694 
  Upgrading        : dbus-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                        160/694 
  Running scriptlet: systemd-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                      161/694 
  Upgrading        : systemd-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                      161/694 
  Running scriptlet: systemd-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                      161/694 
  Upgrading        : systemd-udev-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                 162/694 
  Running scriptlet: systemd-udev-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                 162/694 
  Upgrading        : libldb-2.3.0-2.el8.x86_64                          163/694 
  Upgrading        : libsss_certmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64              164/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsss_certmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64              164/694 
  Upgrading        : device-mapper-event-libs-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_6   165/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-libselinux-2.9-5.el8.x86_64                166/694 
  Installing       : kernel-core-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64            167/694 
  Running scriptlet: kernel-core-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64            167/694 
  Running scriptlet: openssh-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                        168/694 
  Upgrading        : openssh-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                        168/694 
  Upgrading        : policycoreutils-2.9-16.el8.x86_64                  169/694 
  Running scriptlet: policycoreutils-2.9-16.el8.x86_64                  169/694 
  Upgrading        : libsolv-0.7.19-1.el8.x86_64                        170/694 
  Upgrading        : iproute-5.12.0-4.el8.x86_64                        171/694 
  Upgrading        : openssl-1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5.x86_64                    172/694 
  Upgrading        : glib2-2.56.4-156.el8.x86_64                        173/694 
  Installing       : shared-mime-info-1.9-3.el8.x86_64                  174/694 
  Running scriptlet: shared-mime-info-1.9-3.el8.x86_64                  174/694 
  Upgrading        : polkit-libs-0.115-12.el8.x86_64                    175/694 
  Running scriptlet: polkit-libs-0.115-12.el8.x86_64                    175/694 
  Installing       : libmodulemd-2.13.0-1.el8.x86_64                    176/694 
  Running scriptlet: polkit-0.115-12.el8.x86_64                         177/694 
  Upgrading        : polkit-0.115-12.el8.x86_64                         177/694 
  Running scriptlet: polkit-0.115-12.el8.x86_64                         177/694 
  Upgrading        : cockpit-bridge-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                  178/694 
  Upgrading        : NetworkManager-libnm-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64        179/694 
  Running scriptlet: NetworkManager-libnm-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64        179/694 
  Running scriptlet: NetworkManager-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64              180/694 
  Upgrading        : NetworkManager-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64              180/694 
warning: /etc/NetworkManager/NetworkManager.conf created as /etc/NetworkManager/NetworkManager.conf.rpmnew

  Running scriptlet: NetworkManager-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64              180/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-gobject-base-3.28.3-2.el8.x86_64           181/694 
  Upgrading        : iputils-20180629-7.el8.x86_64                      182/694 
  Running scriptlet: iputils-20180629-7.el8.x86_64                      182/694 
  Upgrading        : grub2-tools-extra-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64            183/694 
  Upgrading        : bind-libs-lite-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64             184/694 
  Running scriptlet: logrotate-3.14.0-4.el8.x86_64                      185/694 
  Upgrading        : logrotate-3.14.0-4.el8.x86_64                      185/694 
  Upgrading        : rsyslog-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                      186/694 
  Running scriptlet: rsyslog-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                      186/694 
  Running scriptlet: samba-common-4.14.5-7.el8_5.noarch                 187/694 
  Upgrading        : samba-common-4.14.5-7.el8_5.noarch                 187/694 
  Running scriptlet: samba-common-4.14.5-7.el8_5.noarch                 187/694 
  Upgrading        : avahi-libs-0.7-20.el8.x86_64                       188/694 
  Upgrading        : cups-libs-1:2.2.6-40.el8.x86_64                    189/694 
  Upgrading        : libwbclient-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64                  190/694 
  Upgrading        : samba-client-libs-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64            191/694 
  Upgrading        : samba-common-libs-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64            192/694 
  Upgrading        : libsmbclient-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64                 193/694 
  Upgrading        : bind-libs-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64                  194/694 
  Installing       : libxmlb-0.1.15-1.el8.x86_64                        195/694 
  Installing       : ModemManager-glib-1.10.8-4.el8.x86_64              196/694 
  Running scriptlet: ModemManager-glib-1.10.8-4.el8.x86_64              196/694 
  Installing       : libgcab1-1.1-1.el8.x86_64                          197/694 
  Installing       : libmbim-1.20.2-1.el8.x86_64                        198/694 
  Running scriptlet: libmbim-1.20.2-1.el8.x86_64                        198/694 
  Installing       : libqmi-1.24.0-3.el8.x86_64                         199/694 
  Running scriptlet: libqmi-1.24.0-3.el8.x86_64                         199/694 
  Running scriptlet: cockpit-ws-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                      200/694 
  Upgrading        : cockpit-ws-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                      200/694 
  Running scriptlet: cockpit-ws-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                      200/694 
  Upgrading        : libipa_hbac-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 201/694 
  Running scriptlet: libipa_hbac-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 201/694 
  Running scriptlet: libstoragemgmt-1.9.1-1.el8.x86_64                  202/694 
  Upgrading        : libstoragemgmt-1.9.1-1.el8.x86_64                  202/694 
  Running scriptlet: libstoragemgmt-1.9.1-1.el8.x86_64                  202/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-libstoragemgmt-1.9.1-1.el8.x86_64          203/694 
  Upgrading        : rpm-plugin-selinux-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64            204/694 
  Upgrading        : selinux-policy-3.14.3-80.el8_5.2.noarch            205/694 
  Running scriptlet: selinux-policy-3.14.3-80.el8_5.2.noarch            205/694 
  Running scriptlet: selinux-policy-targeted-3.14.3-80.el8_5.2.noarch   206/694 
  Upgrading        : selinux-policy-targeted-3.14.3-80.el8_5.2.noarch   206/694 
  Running scriptlet: selinux-policy-targeted-3.14.3-80.el8_5.2.noarch   206/694 
  Running scriptlet: openssh-server-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                 207/694 
  Upgrading        : openssh-server-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                 207/694 
warning: /etc/ssh/sshd_config created as /etc/ssh/sshd_config.rpmnew

  Running scriptlet: openssh-server-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                 207/694 
  Installing       : kernel-modules-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64         208/694 
  Running scriptlet: kernel-modules-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64         208/694 
  Running scriptlet: kmod-kvdo-6.2.5.72-81.el8.x86_64                   209/694 
  Upgrading        : kmod-kvdo-6.2.5.72-81.el8.x86_64                   209/694 
  Running scriptlet: kmod-kvdo-6.2.5.72-81.el8.x86_64                   209/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-libsemanage-2.9-6.el8.x86_64               210/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-setools-4.3.0-2.el8.x86_64                 211/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-policycoreutils-2.9-16.el8.noarch          212/694 
  Upgrading        : device-mapper-event-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64       213/694 
  Running scriptlet: device-mapper-event-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64       213/694 
  Upgrading        : lvm2-libs-8:2.03.12-10.el8.x86_64                  214/694 
  Upgrading        : lvm2-8:2.03.12-10.el8.x86_64                       215/694 
  Running scriptlet: lvm2-8:2.03.12-10.el8.x86_64                       215/694 
  Upgrading        : hypervfcopyd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64         216/694 
  Running scriptlet: hypervfcopyd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64         216/694 
  Upgrading        : hypervkvpd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64           217/694 
  Running scriptlet: hypervkvpd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64           217/694 
  Upgrading        : hypervvssd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64           218/694 
  Running scriptlet: hypervvssd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64           218/694 
  Running scriptlet: authselect-libs-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64                 219/694 
  Upgrading        : authselect-libs-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64                 219/694 
  Upgrading        : dracut-squash-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_64       220/694 
  Upgrading        : virt-what-1.18-12.el8.x86_64                       221/694 
  Upgrading        : sssd-client-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 222/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-client-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 222/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 223/694 
  Upgrading        : sssd-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 223/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 223/694 
  Upgrading        : sssd-common-pac-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64             224/694 
  Upgrading        : sudo-1.8.29-7.el8_4.1.x86_64                       225/694 
  Running scriptlet: sudo-1.8.29-7.el8_4.1.x86_64                       225/694 
  Upgrading        : pciutils-3.7.0-1.el8.x86_64                        226/694 
  Installing       : rdma-core-35.0-1.el8.x86_64                        227/694 
  Running scriptlet: rdma-core-35.0-1.el8.x86_64                        227/694 
  Installing       : libibverbs-35.0-1.el8.x86_64                       228/694 
  Running scriptlet: libibverbs-35.0-1.el8.x86_64                       228/694 
  Upgrading        : libpcap-14:1.9.1-5.el8.x86_64                      229/694 
  Upgrading        : iptables-libs-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64                  230/694 
  Running scriptlet: iptables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64                       231/694 
  Upgrading        : iptables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64                       231/694 
  Running scriptlet: iptables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64                       231/694 
  Upgrading        : iptables-ebtables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64              232/694 
  Running scriptlet: iptables-ebtables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64              232/694 
  Upgrading        : nftables-1:0.9.3-21.el8.x86_64                     233/694 
  Running scriptlet: nftables-1:0.9.3-21.el8.x86_64                     233/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-nftables-1:0.9.3-21.el8.x86_64             234/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-firewall-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch                235/694 
  Running scriptlet: tpm2-tss-2.3.2-4.el8.x86_64                        236/694 
[sss_cache] [sysdb_domain_cache_connect] (0x0010): DB version too old [0.21], expected [0.23] for domain implicit_files!
Higher version of database is expected!
In order to upgrade the database, you must run SSSD.
Removing cache files in /var/lib/sss/db should fix the issue, but note that removing cache files will also remove all of your cached credentials.
Could not open available domains
[sss_cache] [sysdb_domain_cache_connect] (0x0010): DB version too old [0.21], expected [0.23] for domain implicit_files!
Higher version of database is expected!
In order to upgrade the database, you must run SSSD.
Removing cache files in /var/lib/sss/db should fix the issue, but note that removing cache files will also remove all of your cached credentials.
Could not open available domains
[sss_cache] [sysdb_domain_cache_connect] (0x0010): DB version too old [0.21], expected [0.23] for domain implicit_files!
Higher version of database is expected!
In order to upgrade the database, you must run SSSD.
Removing cache files in /var/lib/sss/db should fix the issue, but note that removing cache files will also remove all of your cached credentials.
Could not open available domains
[sss_cache] [sysdb_domain_cache_connect] (0x0010): DB version too old [0.21], expected [0.23] for domain implicit_files!
Higher version of database is expected!
In order to upgrade the database, you must run SSSD.
Removing cache files in /var/lib/sss/db should fix the issue, but note that removing cache files will also remove all of your cached credentials.
Could not open available domains

  Installing       : tpm2-tss-2.3.2-4.el8.x86_64                        236/694 
  Running scriptlet: tpm2-tss-2.3.2-4.el8.x86_64                        236/694 
  Upgrading        : ima-evm-utils-1.3.2-12.el8.x86_64                  237/694 
  Upgrading        : librelp-1.9.0-1.el8.x86_64                         238/694 
  Running scriptlet: librelp-1.9.0-1.el8.x86_64                         238/694 
  Upgrading        : bind-export-libs-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64           239/694 
  Running scriptlet: bind-export-libs-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64           239/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-cryptography-3.2.1-5.el8.x86_64            240/694 
  Upgrading        : e2fsprogs-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                      241/694 
  Upgrading        : parted-3.2-39.el8.x86_64                           242/694 
  Running scriptlet: parted-3.2-39.el8.x86_64                           242/694 
  Upgrading        : xfsprogs-5.0.0-9.el8.x86_64                        243/694 
  Running scriptlet: xfsprogs-5.0.0-9.el8.x86_64                        243/694 
  Upgrading        : dhcp-libs-12:4.3.6-45.el8.x86_64                   244/694 
  Upgrading        : dhcp-client-12:4.3.6-45.el8.x86_64                 245/694 
  Upgrading        : dracut-network-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_64      246/694 
  Running scriptlet: dracut-network-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_64      246/694 
  Upgrading        : kexec-tools-2.0.20-57.el8_5.1.x86_64               247/694 
  Running scriptlet: kexec-tools-2.0.20-57.el8_5.1.x86_64               247/694 
  Upgrading        : libusbx-1.0.23-4.el8.x86_64                        248/694 
  Upgrading        : gnupg2-2.2.20-2.el8.x86_64                         249/694 
  Upgrading        : gpgme-1.13.1-9.el8.x86_64                          250/694 
  Upgrading        : librepo-1.14.0-2.el8.x86_64                        251/694 
  Upgrading        : libdnf-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64                         252/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-libdnf-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64                 253/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-hawkey-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64                 254/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-gpg-1.13.1-9.el8.x86_64                    255/694 
  Upgrading        : rpm-build-libs-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                256/694 
  Running scriptlet: rpm-build-libs-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                256/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-rpm-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                   257/694 
  Upgrading        : nss-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                          258/694 
  Upgrading        : nss-sysinit-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                  259/694 
  Upgrading        : libfprint-1.90.7-1.el8.x86_64                      260/694 
  Upgrading        : fprintd-1.90.9-2.el8.x86_64                        261/694 
  Upgrading        : binutils-2.30-108.el8_5.1.x86_64                   262/694 
  Running scriptlet: binutils-2.30-108.el8_5.1.x86_64                   262/694 
  Upgrading        : teamd-1.31-2.el8.x86_64                            263/694 
  Upgrading        : NetworkManager-team-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64         264/694 
  Upgrading        : cyrus-sasl-gssapi-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64              265/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-krb5-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64            266/694 
  Upgrading        : sssd-krb5-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64            266/694 
  Upgrading        : sssd-krb5-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                   267/694 
  Upgrading        : sssd-ldap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                   268/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-babel-2.5.1-7.el8.noarch                   269/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-jinja2-2.10.1-3.el8.noarch                 270/694 
  Upgrading        : kernel-tools-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64           271/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-libcomps-0.1.16-2.el8.x86_64               272/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-dnf-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                     273/694 
  Upgrading        : dnf-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                             274/694 
  Running scriptlet: dnf-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                             274/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-dnf-plugins-core-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch       275/694 
  Upgrading        : dnf-plugins-core-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch               276/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-libxml2-2.9.7-9.el8_4.2.x86_64             277/694 
  Upgrading        : sos-4.1-5.el8.noarch                               278/694 
  Upgrading        : cockpit-system-251.1-1.el8.noarch                  279/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-linux-procfs-0.6.3-1.el8.noarch            280/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-perf-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64           281/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-ply-3.9-9.el8.noarch                       282/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-bind-32:9.11.26-6.el8.noarch               283/694 
  Upgrading        : bind-utils-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64                 284/694 
  Upgrading        : sssd-ad-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                     285/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-ipa-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                    286/694 
  Upgrading        : sssd-ipa-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                    286/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-setuptools-39.2.0-6.el8.noarch             287/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-pip-9.0.3-20.el8.noarch                    288/694 
  Upgrading        : python36-3.6.8-38.module_el8.5.0+895+a459eca8.x8   289/694 
  Running scriptlet: python36-3.6.8-38.module_el8.5.0+895+a459eca8.x8   289/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-sssdconfig-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.noarch          290/694 
  Upgrading        : sssd-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                        291/694 
  Upgrading        : fprintd-pam-1.90.9-2.el8.x86_64                    292/694 
  Upgrading        : authselect-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64                      293/694 
  Upgrading        : realmd-0.16.3-23.el8.x86_64                        294/694 
  Running scriptlet: realmd-0.16.3-23.el8.x86_64                        294/694 
  Upgrading        : authselect-compat-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64               295/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-syspurpose-1.28.21-3.el8.x86_64            296/694 
  Upgrading        : vim-filesystem-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.noarch            297/694 
  Upgrading        : vim-common-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64                298/694 
  Installing       : WALinuxAgent-udev-2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8.noarch       299/694 
  Upgrading        : WALinuxAgent-2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8.noarch            300/694 
warning: /etc/waagent.conf created as /etc/waagent.conf.rpmnew

  Running scriptlet: WALinuxAgent-2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8.noarch            300/694 
  Upgrading        : vim-enhanced-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64              301/694 
  Upgrading        : tuned-2.16.0-1.el8.noarch                          302/694 
  Running scriptlet: tuned-2.16.0-1.el8.noarch                          302/694 
  Upgrading        : cockpit-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                         303/694 
  Upgrading        : yum-utils-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch                      304/694 
  Upgrading        : yum-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                             305/694 
  Upgrading        : cloud-init-21.1-7.el8_5.3.noarch                   306/694 
warning: /etc/cloud/cloud.cfg created as /etc/cloud/cloud.cfg.rpmnew

  Running scriptlet: cloud-init-21.1-7.el8_5.3.noarch                   306/694 
  Upgrading        : kpatch-0.9.2-5.el8.noarch                          307/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-librepo-1.14.0-2.el8.x86_64                308/694 
  Installing       : fwupd-1.5.9-1.el8_4.x86_64                         309/694 
  Running scriptlet: fwupd-1.5.9-1.el8_4.x86_64                         309/694 
  Upgrading        : wget-1.19.5-10.el8.x86_64                          310/694 
  Running scriptlet: wget-1.19.5-10.el8.x86_64                          310/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-pyOpenSSL-19.0.0-1.el8.noarch              311/694 
  Upgrading        : rsyslog-relp-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                 312/694 
  Upgrading        : firewalld-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch                       313/694 
  Running scriptlet: firewalld-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch                       313/694 
  Upgrading        : nmap-ncat-2:7.70-6.el8.x86_64                      314/694 
  Running scriptlet: nmap-ncat-2:7.70-6.el8.x86_64                      314/694 
  Running scriptlet: tcpdump-14:4.9.3-2.el8.x86_64                      315/694 
  Upgrading        : tcpdump-14:4.9.3-2.el8.x86_64                      315/694 
  Upgrading        : sssd-kcm-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                    316/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-kcm-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                    316/694 
  Upgrading        : hyperv-daemons-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64       317/694 
  Upgrading        : vdo-6.2.5.74-14.el8.x86_64                         318/694 
  Running scriptlet: vdo-6.2.5.74-14.el8.x86_64                         318/694 
  Installing       : kernel-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                 319/694 
  Upgrading        : rsyslog-gnutls-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64               320/694 
  Upgrading        : rsyslog-gssapi-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64               321/694 
  Upgrading        : grub2-efi-x64-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                322/694 
error: lsetfilecon: (/boot/efi/EFI/centos/fonts, system_u:object_r:boot_t:s0) Operation not supported
error: lsetfilecon: (/boot/efi/EFI/centos/grubx64.efi;67f1f837, system_u:object_r:boot_t:s0) Operation not supported

  Upgrading        : grub2-pc-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                     323/694 
  Upgrading        : NetworkManager-tui-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64          324/694 
  Upgrading        : gsettings-desktop-schemas-3.32.0-6.el8.x86_64      325/694 
  Upgrading        : initscripts-10.00.15-1.el8.x86_64                  326/694 
  Running scriptlet: initscripts-10.00.15-1.el8.x86_64                  326/694 
  Upgrading        : irqbalance-2:1.4.0-6.el8.x86_64                    327/694 
  Running scriptlet: irqbalance-2:1.4.0-6.el8.x86_64                    327/694 
  Upgrading        : libmodulemd1-1.8.16-0.2.13.0.1.x86_64              328/694 
  Running scriptlet: rng-tools-6.13-1.git.d207e0b6.el8.x86_64           329/694 
  Upgrading        : rng-tools-6.13-1.git.d207e0b6.el8.x86_64           329/694 
  Running scriptlet: rng-tools-6.13-1.git.d207e0b6.el8.x86_64           329/694 
Warning: The unit file, source configuration file or drop-ins of rngd-wake-threshold.service changed on disk. Run 'systemctl daemon-reload' to reload units.

  Upgrading        : openssh-clients-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                330/694 
  Running scriptlet: chrony-4.1-1.el8.x86_64                            331/694 
  Upgrading        : chrony-4.1-1.el8.x86_64                            331/694 
  Running scriptlet: chrony-4.1-1.el8.x86_64                            331/694 
  Upgrading        : mcelog-3:175-1.el8.x86_64                          332/694 
  Running scriptlet: mcelog-3:175-1.el8.x86_64                          332/694 
  Upgrading        : mdadm-4.2-rc2.el8.x86_64                           333/694 
  Running scriptlet: mdadm-4.2-rc2.el8.x86_64                           333/694 
  Upgrading        : microcode_ctl-4:20210608-1.el8.x86_64              334/694 
  Running scriptlet: microcode_ctl-4:20210608-1.el8.x86_64              334/694 
  Upgrading        : net-tools-2.0-0.52.20160912git.el8.x86_64          335/694 
  Running scriptlet: net-tools-2.0-0.52.20160912git.el8.x86_64          335/694 
  Running scriptlet: smartmontools-1:7.1-1.el8.x86_64                   336/694 
  Upgrading        : smartmontools-1:7.1-1.el8.x86_64                   336/694 
  Running scriptlet: smartmontools-1:7.1-1.el8.x86_64                   336/694 
  Installing       : grub2-tools-efi-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64              337/694 
  Upgrading        : cloud-utils-growpart-0.31-3.el8.noarch             338/694 
  Upgrading        : util-linux-user-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64               339/694 
  Upgrading        : cryptsetup-2.3.3-4.el8.x86_64                      340/694 
  Upgrading        : mokutil-1:0.3.0-11.el8.x86_64                      341/694 
  Upgrading        : python3-urllib3-1.24.2-5.el8.noarch                342/694 
  Upgrading        : ledmon-0.95-1.el8.x86_64                           343/694 
  Running scriptlet: man-db-2.7.6.1-18.el8.x86_64                       344/694 
  Upgrading        : man-db-2.7.6.1-18.el8.x86_64                       344/694 
  Running scriptlet: man-db-2.7.6.1-18.el8.x86_64                       344/694 
  Upgrading        : lsof-4.93.2-1.el8.x86_64                           345/694 
  Upgrading        : quota-1:4.04-14.el8.x86_64                         346/694 
  Upgrading        : cyrus-sasl-plain-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64               347/694 
  Upgrading        : strace-5.7-3.el8.x86_64                            348/694 
  Upgrading        : efivar-37-4.el8.x86_64                             349/694 
  Upgrading        : lshw-B.02.19.2-6.el8.x86_64                        350/694 
  Upgrading        : bpftool-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                351/694 
  Upgrading        : crontabs-1.11-17.20190603git.el8.noarch            352/694 
  Upgrading        : rsync-3.1.3-12.el8.x86_64                          353/694 
  Upgrading        : libgomp-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                       354/694 
  Running scriptlet: libgomp-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                       354/694 
  Upgrading        : tar-2:1.30-5.el8.x86_64                            355/694 
  Running scriptlet: tar-2:1.30-5.el8.x86_64                            355/694 
  Upgrading        : unzip-6.0-45.el8_4.x86_64                          356/694 
  Upgrading        : lsscsi-0.32-3.el8.x86_64                           357/694 
  Upgrading        : emacs-filesystem-1:26.1-7.el8.noarch               358/694 
  Running scriptlet: tuned-2.13.0-6.el8.noarch                          359/694 
  Cleanup          : tuned-2.13.0-6.el8.noarch                          359/694 
  Running scriptlet: tuned-2.13.0-6.el8.noarch                          359/694 
  Running scriptlet: cloud-init-19.4-1.el8.7.noarch                     360/694 
  Cleanup          : cloud-init-19.4-1.el8.7.noarch                     360/694 
  Running scriptlet: cloud-init-19.4-1.el8.7.noarch                     360/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-kcm-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                       361/694 
  Cleanup          : sssd-kcm-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                       361/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-kcm-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                       361/694 
  Obsoleting       : python3-libstoragemgmt-clibs-1.8.3-1.el8.x86_64    362/694 
  Running scriptlet: libstoragemgmt-1.8.3-1.el8.x86_64                  363/694 
  Cleanup          : libstoragemgmt-1.8.3-1.el8.x86_64                  363/694 
  Running scriptlet: libstoragemgmt-1.8.3-1.el8.x86_64                  363/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-libstoragemgmt-1.8.3-1.el8.noarch          364/694 
  Cleanup          : NetworkManager-tui-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64         365/694 
  Running scriptlet: rng-tools-6.8-3.el8.x86_64                         366/694 
  Cleanup          : rng-tools-6.8-3.el8.x86_64                         366/694 
  Running scriptlet: rng-tools-6.8-3.el8.x86_64                         366/694 
  Running scriptlet: vdo-6.2.2.117-13.el8.x86_64                        367/694 
  Cleanup          : vdo-6.2.2.117-13.el8.x86_64                        367/694 
  Running scriptlet: vdo-6.2.2.117-13.el8.x86_64                        367/694 
  Running scriptlet: lvm2-8:2.03.08-3.el8.x86_64                        368/694 
  Cleanup          : lvm2-8:2.03.08-3.el8.x86_64                        368/694 
  Running scriptlet: lvm2-8:2.03.08-3.el8.x86_64                        368/694 
  Cleanup          : sudo-1.8.29-5.el8.x86_64                           369/694 
  Cleanup          : openssh-clients-8.0p1-4.el8_1.x86_64               370/694 
  Cleanup          : lvm2-libs-8:2.03.08-3.el8.x86_64                   371/694 
  Running scriptlet: device-mapper-event-8:1.02.169-3.el8.x86_64        372/694 
  Cleanup          : device-mapper-event-8:1.02.169-3.el8.x86_64        372/694 
  Running scriptlet: mdadm-4.1-13.el8.x86_64                            373/694 
  Cleanup          : mdadm-4.1-13.el8.x86_64                            373/694 
  Running scriptlet: mdadm-4.1-13.el8.x86_64                            373/694 
  Running scriptlet: chrony-3.5-1.el8.x86_64                            374/694 
  Cleanup          : chrony-3.5-1.el8.x86_64                            374/694 
  Running scriptlet: chrony-3.5-1.el8.x86_64                            374/694 
  Running scriptlet: smartmontools-1:6.6-3.el8.x86_64                   375/694 
  Cleanup          : smartmontools-1:6.6-3.el8.x86_64                   375/694 
  Running scriptlet: smartmontools-1:6.6-3.el8.x86_64                   375/694 
  Cleanup          : cryptsetup-2.2.2-1.el8.x86_64                      376/694 
  Cleanup          : e2fsprogs-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                      377/694 
  Cleanup          : xfsprogs-5.0.0-2.el8.x86_64                        378/694 
  Running scriptlet: xfsprogs-5.0.0-2.el8.x86_64                        378/694 
  Running scriptlet: initscripts-10.00.6-1.el8_2.2.x86_64               379/694 
  Cleanup          : initscripts-10.00.6-1.el8_2.2.x86_64               379/694 
  Running scriptlet: initscripts-10.00.6-1.el8_2.2.x86_64               379/694 
  Running scriptlet: wget-1.19.5-8.el8_1.1.x86_64                       380/694 
  Cleanup          : wget-1.19.5-8.el8_1.1.x86_64                       380/694 
  Cleanup          : vim-enhanced-2:8.0.1763-13.el8.x86_64              381/694 
  Cleanup          : device-mapper-persistent-data-0.8.5-3.el8.x86_64   382/694 
  Cleanup          : kernel-tools-4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2.x86_64          383/694 
  Cleanup          : nmap-ncat-2:7.70-5.el8.x86_64                      384/694 
  Running scriptlet: nmap-ncat-2:7.70-5.el8.x86_64                      384/694 
  Cleanup          : lshw-B.02.18-23.el8.x86_64                         385/694 
  Cleanup          : selinux-policy-3.14.3-41.el8_2.8.noarch            386/694 
  Running scriptlet: selinux-policy-3.14.3-41.el8_2.8.noarch            386/694 
  Cleanup          : rpm-plugin-selinux-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64            387/694 
  Cleanup          : selinux-policy-targeted-3.14.3-41.el8_2.8.noarch   388/694 
  Running scriptlet: selinux-policy-targeted-3.14.3-41.el8_2.8.noarch   388/694 
  Running scriptlet: irqbalance-2:1.4.0-4.el8.x86_64                    389/694 
  Cleanup          : irqbalance-2:1.4.0-4.el8.x86_64                    389/694 
  Running scriptlet: irqbalance-2:1.4.0-4.el8.x86_64                    389/694 
  Cleanup          : bpftool-4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2.x86_64               390/694 
  Running scriptlet: dbxtool-8-5.el8.x86_64                             391/694 
  Obsoleting       : dbxtool-8-5.el8.x86_64                             391/694 
  Running scriptlet: dbxtool-8-5.el8.x86_64                             391/694 
  Running scriptlet: WALinuxAgent-2.2.45-1_ol001.el8.noarch             392/694 
  Cleanup          : WALinuxAgent-2.2.45-1_ol001.el8.noarch             392/694 
  Running scriptlet: WALinuxAgent-2.2.45-1_ol001.el8.noarch             392/694 
  Running scriptlet: microcode_ctl-4:20191115-4.20200609.1.el8_2.x86_   393/694 
  Cleanup          : microcode_ctl-4:20191115-4.20200609.1.el8_2.x86_   393/694 
  Running scriptlet: microcode_ctl-4:20191115-4.20200609.1.el8_2.x86_   393/694 
  Running scriptlet: firewalld-0.8.0-4.el8.noarch                       394/694 
  Cleanup          : firewalld-0.8.0-4.el8.noarch                       394/694 
  Running scriptlet: firewalld-0.8.0-4.el8.noarch                       394/694 
  Cleanup          : grub2-pc-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64                    395/694 
  Running scriptlet: kmod-kvdo-6.2.2.117-65.el8.x86_64                  396/694 
  Cleanup          : kmod-kvdo-6.2.2.117-65.el8.x86_64                  396/694 
  Running scriptlet: kmod-kvdo-6.2.2.117-65.el8.x86_64                  396/694 
  Cleanup          : realmd-0.16.3-18.el8.x86_64                        397/694 
  Cleanup          : authselect-1.1-2.el8.x86_64                        398/694 
  Cleanup          : fprintd-pam-1.90.0-0.20191121gitf022902.el8.x86_   399/694 
  Running scriptlet: fprintd-pam-1.90.0-0.20191121gitf022902.el8.x86_   399/694 
  Cleanup          : authselect-compat-1.1-2.el8.x86_64                 400/694 
  Cleanup          : sssd-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                           401/694 
  Running scriptlet: iptables-ebtables-1.8.4-10.el8_2.1.x86_64          402/694 
  Cleanup          : iptables-ebtables-1.8.4-10.el8_2.1.x86_64          402/694 
  Running scriptlet: iptables-ebtables-1.8.4-10.el8_2.1.x86_64          402/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-policycoreutils-2.9-9.el8.noarch           403/694 
  Cleanup          : grub2-efi-x64-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64               404/694 
  Cleanup          : yum-utils-4.0.12-4.el8_2.noarch                    405/694 
  Cleanup          : kpatch-0.6.1-6.el8.noarch                          406/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-firewall-0.8.0-4.el8.noarch                407/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-jinja2-2.10.1-2.el8_0.noarch               408/694 
  Cleanup          : sos-3.8-7.el8_2.noarch                             409/694 
  Cleanup          : cockpit-211.3-1.el8.x86_64                         410/694 
  Cleanup          : cockpit-system-211.3-1.el8.noarch                  411/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-pip-9.0.3-16.el8.noarch                    412/694 
  Cleanup          : python36-3.6.8-2.module_el8.1.0+245+c39af44f.x86   413/694 
  Running scriptlet: python36-3.6.8-2.module_el8.1.0+245+c39af44f.x86   413/694 
  Cleanup          : hyperv-daemons-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64       414/694 
  Cleanup          : cloud-utils-growpart-0.29-3.el8.noarch             415/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-setuptools-39.2.0-5.el8.noarch             416/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-babel-2.5.1-5.el8.noarch                   417/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-nftables-1:0.9.3-12.el8_2.1.x86_64         418/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-linux-procfs-0.6-7.el8.noarch              419/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-syspurpose-1.26.20-1.el8_2.x86_64          420/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-urllib3-1.24.2-4.el8.noarch                421/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-pyOpenSSL-18.0.0-1.el8.noarch              422/694 
  Cleanup          : sssd-ipa-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                       423/694 
  Cleanup          : sssd-ad-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                        424/694 
  Cleanup          : libsmbclient-4.11.2-13.el8.x86_64                  425/694 
  Running scriptlet: cockpit-ws-211.3-1.el8.x86_64                      426/694 
  Cleanup          : cockpit-ws-211.3-1.el8.x86_64                      426/694 
  Running scriptlet: cockpit-ws-211.3-1.el8.x86_64                      426/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-libxml2-2.9.7-7.el8.x86_64                 427/694 
  Running scriptlet: openssh-server-8.0p1-4.el8_1.x86_64                428/694 
  Cleanup          : openssh-server-8.0p1-4.el8_1.x86_64                428/694 
  Running scriptlet: openssh-server-8.0p1-4.el8_1.x86_64                428/694 
  Running scriptlet: kexec-tools-2.0.20-14.el8.x86_64                   429/694 
  Cleanup          : kexec-tools-2.0.20-14.el8.x86_64                   429/694 
  Running scriptlet: kexec-tools-2.0.20-14.el8.x86_64                   429/694 
  Cleanup          : sssd-common-pac-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                430/694 
  Running scriptlet: libwbclient-4.11.2-13.el8.x86_64                   431/694 
  Cleanup          : libwbclient-4.11.2-13.el8.x86_64                   431/694 
  Cleanup          : samba-client-libs-4.11.2-13.el8.x86_64             432/694 
  Cleanup          : samba-common-libs-4.11.2-13.el8.x86_64             433/694 
  Running scriptlet: binutils-2.30-73.el8.x86_64                        434/694 
  Cleanup          : binutils-2.30-73.el8.x86_64                        434/694 
  Running scriptlet: binutils-2.30-73.el8.x86_64                        434/694 
  Running scriptlet: polkit-0.115-11.el8.x86_64                         435/694 
  Cleanup          : polkit-0.115-11.el8.x86_64                         435/694 
  Running scriptlet: polkit-0.115-11.el8.x86_64                         435/694 
  Cleanup          : sssd-ldap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                      436/694 
  Cleanup          : cups-libs-1:2.2.6-33.el8.x86_64                    437/694 
  Cleanup          : bind-utils-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.x86_64             438/694 
  Cleanup          : sssd-krb5-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                      439/694 
  Cleanup          : cockpit-bridge-211.3-1.el8.x86_64                  440/694 
  Cleanup          : bind-libs-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.x86_64              441/694 
  Cleanup          : bind-libs-lite-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.x86_64         442/694 
  Running scriptlet: parted-3.2-38.el8.x86_64                           443/694 
  Cleanup          : parted-3.2-38.el8.x86_64                           443/694 
  Running scriptlet: parted-3.2-38.el8.x86_64                           443/694 
  Cleanup          : openssh-8.0p1-4.el8_1.x86_64                       444/694 
  Running scriptlet: policycoreutils-2.9-9.el8.x86_64                   445/694 
  Cleanup          : policycoreutils-2.9-9.el8.x86_64                   445/694 
  Cleanup          : sssd-krb5-common-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64               446/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-common-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    447/694 
  Cleanup          : sssd-common-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    447/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-common-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    447/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-client-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    448/694 
  Cleanup          : sssd-client-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    448/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-client-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    448/694 
  Cleanup          : libldb-2.0.7-3.el8.x86_64                          449/694 
  Cleanup          : openssl-1:1.1.1c-15.el8.x86_64                     450/694 
  Cleanup          : iptables-1.8.4-10.el8_2.1.x86_64                   451/694 
  Running scriptlet: iptables-1.8.4-10.el8_2.1.x86_64                   451/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-cryptography-2.3-3.el8.x86_64              452/694 
  Cleanup          : fprintd-1.90.0-0.20191121gitf022902.el8.x86_64     453/694 
  Cleanup          : libfprint-1.90.0-4.el8.x86_64                      454/694 
  Cleanup          : nss-3.53.1-11.el8_2.x86_64                         455/694 
  Cleanup          : nss-softokn-3.53.1-11.el8_2.x86_64                 456/694 
  Cleanup          : nss-sysinit-3.53.1-11.el8_2.x86_64                 457/694 
  Cleanup          : device-mapper-event-libs-8:1.02.169-3.el8.x86_64   458/694 
  Cleanup          : util-linux-user-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64               459/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-librepo-1.11.0-3.el8_2.x86_64              460/694 
  Cleanup          : man-db-2.7.6.1-17.el8.x86_64                       461/694 
  Running scriptlet: libgomp-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                     462/694 
  Cleanup          : libgomp-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                     462/694 
  Running scriptlet: libgomp-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                     462/694 
  Cleanup          : libsss_nss_idmap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64               463/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsss_nss_idmap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64               463/694 
  Running scriptlet: nftables-1:0.9.3-12.el8_2.1.x86_64                 464/694 
  Cleanup          : nftables-1:0.9.3-12.el8_2.1.x86_64                 464/694 
  Running scriptlet: nftables-1:0.9.3-12.el8_2.1.x86_64                 464/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-perf-4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2.x86_64          465/694 
  Cleanup          : strace-4.24-9.el8.x86_64                           466/694 
  Cleanup          : pciutils-3.5.6-4.el8.x86_64                        467/694 
  Cleanup          : mokutil-1:0.3.0-9.el8.x86_64                       468/694 
  Running scriptlet: mcelog-3:165-0.el8.x86_64                          469/694 
  Cleanup          : mcelog-3:165-0.el8.x86_64                          469/694 
  Running scriptlet: mcelog-3:165-0.el8.x86_64                          469/694 
  Cleanup          : libtevent-0.10.0-2.el8.x86_64                      470/694 
  Cleanup          : libsss_certmap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                 471/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsss_certmap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                 471/694 
  Cleanup          : cyrus-sasl-gssapi-2.1.27-1.el8.x86_64              472/694 
  Cleanup          : NetworkManager-team-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64        473/694 
  Running scriptlet: NetworkManager-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64             474/694 
  Cleanup          : NetworkManager-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64             474/694 
  Running scriptlet: NetworkManager-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64             474/694 
  Cleanup          : NetworkManager-libnm-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64       475/694 
  Running scriptlet: NetworkManager-libnm-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64       475/694 
  Cleanup          : polkit-libs-0.115-11.el8.x86_64                    476/694 
  Running scriptlet: polkit-libs-0.115-11.el8.x86_64                    476/694 
  Cleanup          : teamd-1.29-1.el8_2.2.x86_64                        477/694 
  Cleanup          : grub2-tools-extra-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64           478/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-setools-4.2.2-2.el8.x86_64                 479/694 
  Cleanup          : authselect-libs-1.1-2.el8.x86_64                   480/694 
  Cleanup          : libtdb-1.4.2-2.el8.x86_64                          481/694 
  Running scriptlet: libtdb-1.4.2-2.el8.x86_64                          481/694 
  Running scriptlet: hypervkvpd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64           482/694 
  Cleanup          : hypervkvpd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64           482/694 
  Running scriptlet: hypervkvpd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64           482/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-libsemanage-2.9-2.el8.x86_64               483/694 
  Cleanup          : libss-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                          484/694 
  Running scriptlet: libss-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                          484/694 
  Running scriptlet: tar-2:1.30-4.el8.x86_64                            485/694 
  Cleanup          : tar-2:1.30-4.el8.x86_64                            485/694 
  Cleanup          : rsync-3.1.3-7.el8.x86_64                           486/694 
  Cleanup          : cyrus-sasl-plain-2.1.27-1.el8.x86_64               487/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-libselinux-2.9-3.el8.x86_64                488/694 
  Cleanup          : libteam-1.29-1.el8_2.2.x86_64                      489/694 
  Running scriptlet: libteam-1.29-1.el8_2.2.x86_64                      489/694 
  Cleanup          : nss-softokn-freebl-3.53.1-11.el8_2.x86_64          490/694 
  Cleanup          : nss-util-3.53.1-11.el8_2.x86_64                    491/694 
  Cleanup          : nspr-4.25.0-2.el8_2.x86_64                         492/694 
  Running scriptlet: nspr-4.25.0-2.el8_2.x86_64                         492/694 
  Cleanup          : libselinux-utils-2.9-3.el8.x86_64                  493/694 
  Cleanup          : avahi-libs-0.7-19.el8.x86_64                       494/694 
  Cleanup          : efivar-36-1.el8.x86_64                             495/694 
  Cleanup          : efivar-libs-36-1.el8.x86_64                        496/694 
  Running scriptlet: efivar-libs-36-1.el8.x86_64                        496/694 
  Cleanup          : tcpdump-14:4.9.2-6.el8.x86_64                      497/694 
  Cleanup          : pciutils-libs-3.5.6-4.el8.x86_64                   498/694 
  Running scriptlet: pciutils-libs-3.5.6-4.el8.x86_64                   498/694 
  Cleanup          : numactl-libs-2.0.12-9.el8.x86_64                   499/694 
  Running scriptlet: numactl-libs-2.0.12-9.el8.x86_64                   499/694 
  Cleanup          : snappy-1.1.7-5.el8.x86_64                          500/694 
  Running scriptlet: hypervfcopyd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64         501/694 
  Cleanup          : hypervfcopyd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64         501/694 
  Running scriptlet: hypervfcopyd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64         501/694 
  Running scriptlet: hypervvssd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64           502/694 
  Cleanup          : hypervvssd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64           502/694 
  Running scriptlet: hypervvssd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64           502/694 
  Cleanup          : vim-minimal-2:8.0.1763-13.el8.x86_64               503/694 
  Cleanup          : net-tools-2.0-0.51.20160912git.el8.x86_64          504/694 
  Cleanup          : quota-1:4.04-10.el8.x86_64                         505/694 
  Cleanup          : e2fsprogs-libs-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                 506/694 
  Running scriptlet: e2fsprogs-libs-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                 506/694 
  Cleanup          : ledmon-0.93-1.el8.x86_64                           507/694 
  Cleanup          : libsss_idmap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                   508/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsss_idmap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                   508/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-gobject-base-3.28.3-1.el8.x86_64           509/694 
  Cleanup          : gpm-libs-1.20.7-15.el8.x86_64                      510/694 
  Running scriptlet: gpm-libs-1.20.7-15.el8.x86_64                      510/694 
  Cleanup          : rsyslog-gssapi-8.1911.0-3.el8.x86_64               511/694 
  Cleanup          : ethtool-2:5.0-2.el8.x86_64                         512/694 
  Cleanup          : libipa_hbac-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    513/694 
  Running scriptlet: libipa_hbac-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    513/694 
  Cleanup          : lsof-4.91-2.el8.x86_64                             514/694 
  Cleanup          : rsyslog-relp-8.1911.0-3.el8.x86_64                 515/694 
  Cleanup          : librelp-1.2.16-1.el8.x86_64                        516/694 
  Running scriptlet: librelp-1.2.16-1.el8.x86_64                        516/694 
  Cleanup          : freetype-2.9.1-4.el8.x86_64                        517/694 
  Cleanup          : libndp-1.7-3.el8.x86_64                            518/694 
  Running scriptlet: libndp-1.7-3.el8.x86_64                            518/694 
  Cleanup          : libtalloc-2.2.0-7.el8.x86_64                       519/694 
  Cleanup          : rsyslog-gnutls-8.1911.0-3.el8.x86_64               520/694 
  Cleanup          : dracut-network-049-70.git20200228.el8.x86_64       521/694 
  Cleanup          : dhcp-client-12:4.3.6-40.el8.x86_64                 522/694 
  Cleanup          : dhcp-libs-12:4.3.6-40.el8.x86_64                   523/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-bind-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.noarch           524/694 
  Cleanup          : samba-common-4.11.2-13.el8.noarch                  525/694 
  Cleanup          : dracut-squash-049-70.git20200228.el8.x86_64        526/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-ply-3.9-8.el8.noarch                       527/694 
  Cleanup          : dnf-plugins-core-4.0.12-4.el8_2.noarch             528/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-dnf-plugins-core-4.0.12-4.el8_2.noarch     529/694 
  Cleanup          : efi-filesystem-3-2.el8.noarch                      530/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-sssdconfig-2.2.3-20.el8.noarch             531/694 
  Cleanup          : grub2-pc-modules-1:2.02-87.el8_2.noarch            532/694 
  Cleanup          : yum-4.2.17-7.el8_2.noarch                          533/694 
  Running scriptlet: dnf-4.2.17-7.el8_2.noarch                          534/694 
  Cleanup          : dnf-4.2.17-7.el8_2.noarch                          534/694 
  Running scriptlet: dnf-4.2.17-7.el8_2.noarch                          534/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-dnf-4.2.17-7.el8_2.noarch                  535/694 
  Cleanup          : dnf-data-4.2.17-7.el8_2.noarch                     536/694 
  Cleanup          : gsettings-desktop-schemas-3.32.0-4.el8.x86_64      537/694 
  Cleanup          : crontabs-1.11-16.20150630git.el8.noarch            538/694 
  Cleanup          : libreport-filesystem-2.9.5-10.el8.x86_64           539/694 
  Cleanup          : bind-license-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.noarch           540/694 
  Cleanup          : dhcp-common-12:4.3.6-40.el8.noarch                 541/694 
  Cleanup          : quota-nls-1:4.04-10.el8.noarch                     542/694 
  Cleanup          : hyperv-daemons-license-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.no   543/694 
  Cleanup          : hwdata-0.314-8.4.el8.noarch                        544/694 
  Cleanup          : firewalld-filesystem-0.8.0-4.el8.noarch            545/694 
  Cleanup          : linux-firmware-20191202-97.gite8a0f4c9.el8.noarc   546/694 
  Cleanup          : emacs-filesystem-1:26.1-5.el8.noarch               547/694 
  Running scriptlet: rsyslog-8.1911.0-3.el8.x86_64                      548/694 
  Cleanup          : rsyslog-8.1911.0-3.el8.x86_64                      548/694 
  Running scriptlet: rsyslog-8.1911.0-3.el8.x86_64                      548/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-hawkey-0.39.1-6.el8_2.x86_64               549/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-libdnf-0.39.1-6.el8_2.x86_64               550/694 
  Cleanup          : libdnf-0.39.1-6.el8_2.x86_64                       551/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-rpm-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64                   552/694 
  Cleanup          : rpm-build-libs-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64                553/694 
  Running scriptlet: rpm-build-libs-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64                553/694 
  Running scriptlet: iputils-20180629-2.el8.x86_64                      554/694 
  Cleanup          : iputils-20180629-2.el8.x86_64                      554/694 
  Running scriptlet: iputils-20180629-2.el8.x86_64                      554/694 
  Cleanup          : librepo-1.11.0-3.el8_2.x86_64                      555/694 
  Cleanup          : libstdc++-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                   556/694 
  Running scriptlet: libstdc++-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                   556/694 
  Cleanup          : bind-export-libs-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.x86_64       557/694 
  Running scriptlet: bind-export-libs-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.x86_64       557/694 
  Cleanup          : iproute-5.3.0-1.el8.x86_64                         558/694 
  Cleanup          : squashfs-tools-4.3-19.el8.x86_64                   559/694 
  Cleanup          : libsolv-0.7.7-1.el8.x86_64                         560/694 
  Cleanup          : logrotate-3.14.0-3.el8.x86_64                      561/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-gpg-1.10.0-6.el8.0.1.x86_64                562/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-libcomps-0.1.11-4.el8.x86_64               563/694 
  Cleanup          : libcomps-0.1.11-4.el8.x86_64                       564/694 
  Cleanup          : ima-evm-utils-1.1-5.el8.x86_64                     565/694 
  Cleanup          : gpgme-1.10.0-6.el8.0.1.x86_64                      566/694 
  Cleanup          : gnupg2-2.2.9-1.el8.x86_64                          567/694 
  Cleanup          : libusbx-1.0.22-1.el8.x86_64                        568/694 
  Cleanup          : libmodulemd1-1.8.16-0.2.8.2.1.x86_64               569/694 
  Cleanup          : glib2-2.56.4-8.el8.x86_64                          570/694 
  Cleanup          : libfastjson-0.99.8-2.el8.x86_64                    571/694 
  Running scriptlet: libfastjson-0.99.8-2.el8.x86_64                    571/694 
  Cleanup          : pcre-8.42-4.el8.x86_64                             572/694 
  Cleanup          : libmaxminddb-1.2.0-7.el8.x86_64                    573/694 
  Running scriptlet: libmaxminddb-1.2.0-7.el8.x86_64                    573/694 
  Cleanup          : vim-common-2:8.0.1763-13.el8.x86_64                574/694 
  Cleanup          : hdparm-9.54-2.el8.x86_64                           575/694 
  Cleanup          : virt-what-1.18-6.el8.x86_64                        576/694 
  Cleanup          : dbus-tools-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64                577/694 
  Cleanup          : dbus-libs-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64                 578/694 
  Running scriptlet: dbus-libs-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64                 578/694 
  Running scriptlet: dbus-daemon-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64               579/694 
  Cleanup          : dbus-daemon-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64               579/694 
  Running scriptlet: dbus-daemon-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64               579/694 
  Cleanup          : systemd-pam-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                  580/694 
  Cleanup          : libfdisk-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                      581/694 
  Running scriptlet: libfdisk-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                      581/694 
  Cleanup          : libpwquality-1.4.0-9.el8.x86_64                    582/694 
  Cleanup          : platform-python-pip-9.0.3-16.el8.noarch            583/694 
  Cleanup          : procps-ng-3.3.15-1.el8.x86_64                      584/694 
  Cleanup          : kbd-2.0.4-8.el8.x86_64                             585/694 
  Cleanup          : libmount-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                      586/694 
  Running scriptlet: libmount-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                      586/694 
  Cleanup          : shadow-utils-2:4.6-8.el8.x86_64                    587/694 
  Cleanup          : ca-certificates-2020.2.41-80.0.el8_2.noarch        588/694 
  Cleanup          : platform-python-setuptools-39.2.0-5.el8.noarch     589/694 
  Running scriptlet: gzip-1.9-9.el8.x86_64                              590/694 
  Cleanup          : gzip-1.9-9.el8.x86_64                              590/694 
  Cleanup          : libblkid-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                      591/694 
  Running scriptlet: libblkid-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                      591/694 
  Cleanup          : systemd-libs-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                 592/694 
  Cleanup          : pam-1.3.1-8.el8.x86_64                             593/694 
  Running scriptlet: pam-1.3.1-8.el8.x86_64                             593/694 
  Cleanup          : util-linux-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                    594/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-libs-3.6.8-23.el8.x86_64                   595/694 
  Cleanup          : libtirpc-1.1.4-4.el8.x86_64                        596/694 
  Running scriptlet: libtirpc-1.1.4-4.el8.x86_64                        596/694 
  Cleanup          : platform-python-3.6.8-23.el8.x86_64                597/694 
  Running scriptlet: platform-python-3.6.8-23.el8.x86_64                597/694 
  Cleanup          : kmod-25-16.el8.x86_64                              598/694 
  Cleanup          : kmod-libs-25-16.el8.x86_64                         599/694 
  Running scriptlet: kmod-libs-25-16.el8.x86_64                         599/694 
  Cleanup          : libdb-utils-5.3.28-37.el8.x86_64                   600/694 
  Cleanup          : coreutils-8.30-7.el8_2.1.x86_64                    601/694 
  Cleanup          : cyrus-sasl-lib-2.1.27-1.el8.x86_64                 602/694 
  Running scriptlet: cyrus-sasl-lib-2.1.27-1.el8.x86_64                 602/694 
  Cleanup          : openldap-2.4.46-11.el8_1.x86_64                    603/694 
  Cleanup          : libcurl-7.61.1-12.el8.x86_64                       604/694 
  Cleanup          : libssh-0.9.0-4.el8.x86_64                          605/694 
  Cleanup          : krb5-libs-1.17-18.el8.x86_64                       606/694 
  Cleanup          : curl-7.61.1-12.el8.x86_64                          607/694 
  Cleanup          : libarchive-3.3.2-8.el8_1.x86_64                    608/694 
  Cleanup          : libdb-5.3.28-37.el8.x86_64                         609/694 
  Running scriptlet: libdb-5.3.28-37.el8.x86_64                         609/694 
  Cleanup          : rpm-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64                           610/694 
  Cleanup          : rpm-libs-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64                      611/694 
  Running scriptlet: rpm-libs-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64                      611/694 
  Cleanup          : gnutls-3.6.8-11.el8_2.x86_64                       612/694 
  Cleanup          : openssl-libs-1:1.1.1c-15.el8.x86_64                613/694 
  Running scriptlet: openssl-libs-1:1.1.1c-15.el8.x86_64                613/694 
  Cleanup          : crypto-policies-20191128-2.git23e1bf1.el8.noarch   614/694 
  Cleanup          : grubby-8.40-38.el8.x86_64                          615/694 
  Running scriptlet: grub2-tools-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64                 616/694 
  Cleanup          : grub2-tools-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64                 616/694 
  Cleanup          : dracut-049-70.git20200228.el8.x86_64               617/694 
  Cleanup          : libkcapi-hmaccalc-1.1.1-16_1.el8.x86_64            618/694 
  Cleanup          : libkcapi-1.1.1-16_1.el8.x86_64                     619/694 
  Cleanup          : os-prober-1.74-6.el8.x86_64                        620/694 
  Cleanup          : systemd-udev-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                 621/694 
  Running scriptlet: systemd-udev-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                 621/694 
  Cleanup          : grub2-tools-minimal-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64         622/694 
  Cleanup          : cryptsetup-libs-2.2.2-1.el8.x86_64                 623/694 
  Running scriptlet: cryptsetup-libs-2.2.2-1.el8.x86_64                 623/694 
  Cleanup          : elfutils-libs-0.178-7.el8.x86_64                   624/694 
  Cleanup          : elfutils-default-yama-scope-0.178-7.el8.noarch     625/694 
  Cleanup          : device-mapper-libs-8:1.02.169-3.el8.x86_64         626/694 
  Cleanup          : device-mapper-8:1.02.169-3.el8.x86_64              627/694 
  Cleanup          : dbus-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64                      628/694 
  Running scriptlet: systemd-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                      629/694 
  Cleanup          : systemd-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                      629/694 
warning: /etc/systemd/system/dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service saved as /etc/systemd/system/dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service.rpmsave

  Running scriptlet: systemd-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                      629/694 
  Cleanup          : p11-kit-trust-0.23.14-5.el8_0.x86_64               630/694 
  Running scriptlet: p11-kit-trust-0.23.14-5.el8_0.x86_64               630/694 
  Cleanup          : p11-kit-0.23.14-5.el8_0.x86_64                     631/694 
  Running scriptlet: p11-kit-0.23.14-5.el8_0.x86_64                     631/694 
  Cleanup          : libxml2-2.9.7-7.el8.x86_64                         632/694 
  Cleanup          : libsmartcols-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                  633/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsmartcols-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                  633/694 
  Cleanup          : gawk-4.2.1-1.el8.x86_64                            634/694 
  Cleanup          : sqlite-libs-3.26.0-6.el8.x86_64                    635/694 
  Cleanup          : chkconfig-1.11-1.el8.x86_64                        636/694 
  Cleanup          : iptables-libs-1.8.4-10.el8_2.1.x86_64              637/694 
  Cleanup          : libuuid-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                       638/694 
  Running scriptlet: libuuid-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                       638/694 
  Cleanup          : libsemanage-2.9-2.el8.x86_64                       639/694 
  Cleanup          : lua-libs-5.3.4-11.el8.x86_64                       640/694 
  Cleanup          : libcom_err-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                     641/694 
  Running scriptlet: libcom_err-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                     641/694 
  Cleanup          : libgcrypt-1.8.3-4.el8.x86_64                       642/694 
  Running scriptlet: libgcrypt-1.8.3-4.el8.x86_64                       642/694 
  Running scriptlet: sed-4.5-1.el8.x86_64                               643/694 
  Cleanup          : sed-4.5-1.el8.x86_64                               643/694 
  Cleanup          : libpcap-14:1.9.0-3.el8.x86_64                      644/694 
  Cleanup          : json-c-0.13.1-0.2.el8.x86_64                       645/694 
  Running scriptlet: nettle-3.4.1-1.el8.x86_64                          646/694 
  Cleanup          : nettle-3.4.1-1.el8.x86_64                          646/694 
  Running scriptlet: nettle-3.4.1-1.el8.x86_64                          646/694 
  Cleanup          : ncurses-6.1-7.20180224.el8.x86_64                  647/694 
  Cleanup          : libcap-ng-0.7.9-5.el8.x86_64                       648/694 
  Cleanup          : popt-1.16-14.el8.x86_64                            649/694 
  Cleanup          : libcap-2.26-3.el8.x86_64                           650/694 
  Cleanup          : elfutils-libelf-0.178-7.el8.x86_64                 651/694 
  Cleanup          : cpio-2.12-8.el8.x86_64                             652/694 
  Cleanup          : libxcrypt-4.1.1-4.el8.x86_64                       653/694 
  Cleanup          : file-5.33-13.el8.x86_64                            654/694 
  Cleanup          : file-libs-5.33-13.el8.x86_64                       655/694 
  Cleanup          : keyutils-libs-1.5.10-6.el8.x86_64                  656/694 
  Cleanup          : brotli-1.0.6-1.el8.x86_64                          657/694 
  Cleanup          : unzip-6.0-43.el8.x86_64                            658/694 
  Cleanup          : libseccomp-2.4.1-1.el8.x86_64                      659/694 
  Running scriptlet: libseccomp-2.4.1-1.el8.x86_64                      659/694 
  Cleanup          : which-2.21-12.el8.x86_64                           660/694 
  Cleanup          : expat-2.2.5-3.el8.x86_64                           661/694 
  Cleanup          : kernel-tools-libs-4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2.x86_64     662/694 
  Running scriptlet: kernel-tools-libs-4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2.x86_64     662/694 
  Cleanup          : lsscsi-0.30-1.el8.x86_64                           663/694 
  Running scriptlet: coreutils-common-8.30-7.el8_2.1.x86_64             664/694 
  Cleanup          : coreutils-common-8.30-7.el8_2.1.x86_64             664/694 
  Cleanup          : grub2-common-1:2.02-87.el8_2.noarch                665/694 
  Cleanup          : libssh-config-0.9.0-4.el8.noarch                   666/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-pip-wheel-9.0.3-16.el8.noarch              667/694 
  Cleanup          : python3-setuptools-wheel-39.2.0-5.el8.noarch       668/694 
  Cleanup          : kbd-legacy-2.0.4-8.el8.noarch                      669/694 
  Cleanup          : kbd-misc-2.0.4-8.el8.noarch                        670/694 
  Cleanup          : dbus-common-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.noarch               671/694 
  Cleanup          : vim-filesystem-2:8.0.1763-13.el8.noarch            672/694 
  Cleanup          : zlib-1.2.11-16.el8_2.x86_64                        673/694 
  Cleanup          : libffi-3.1-21.el8.x86_64                           674/694 
  Cleanup          : libzstd-1.4.2-2.el8.x86_64                         675/694 
  Cleanup          : dmidecode-1:3.2-5.el8.x86_64                       676/694 
  Cleanup          : lz4-libs-1.8.1.2-4.el8.x86_64                      677/694 
  Cleanup          : libpsl-0.20.2-5.el8.x86_64                         678/694 
  Cleanup          : glibc-all-langpacks-2.28-101.el8.x86_64            679/694 
  Running scriptlet: glibc-all-langpacks-2.28-101.el8.x86_64            679/694 
  Cleanup          : ncurses-libs-6.1-7.20180224.el8.x86_64             680/694 
  Cleanup          : bash-4.4.19-10.el8.x86_64                          681/694 
  Running scriptlet: bash-4.4.19-10.el8.x86_64                          681/694 
  Cleanup          : libsepol-2.9-1.el8.x86_64                          682/694 
  Running scriptlet: libsepol-2.9-1.el8.x86_64                          682/694 
  Cleanup          : pcre2-10.32-1.el8.x86_64                           683/694 
  Cleanup          : libselinux-2.9-3.el8.x86_64                        684/694 
  Cleanup          : glibc-common-2.28-101.el8.x86_64                   685/694 
  Cleanup          : glibc-2.28-101.el8.x86_64                          686/694 
  Cleanup          : filesystem-3.8-2.el8.x86_64                        687/694 
  Cleanup          : setup-2.12.2-5.el8.noarch                          688/694 
  Obsoleting       : centos-release-8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8.x86_64           689/694 
  Obsoleting       : centos-repos-8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8.x86_64             690/694 
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-fasttrack.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-fasttrack.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-centosplus.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-centosplus.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Sources.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Sources.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-PowerTools.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-PowerTools.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Media.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Media.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-HA.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-HA.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Extras.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Extras.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Devel.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Devel.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Debuginfo.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Debuginfo.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-CR.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-CR.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Base.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-Base.repo.rpmsave
warning: /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-AppStream.repo saved as /etc/yum.repos.d/CentOS-AppStream.repo.rpmsave

  Cleanup          : centos-gpg-keys-8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8.noarch          691/694 
  Cleanup          : tzdata-2020d-1.el8.noarch                          692/694 
  Cleanup          : ncurses-base-6.1-7.20180224.el8.noarch             693/694 
  Cleanup          : libgcc-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                      694/694 
  Running scriptlet: libgcc-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                      694/694 
  Running scriptlet: glibc-all-langpacks-2.28-164.el8.x86_64            694/694 
  Running scriptlet: filesystem-3.8-6.el8.x86_64                        694/694 
  Running scriptlet: crypto-policies-scripts-20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el   694/694 
  Running scriptlet: ca-certificates-2021.2.50-80.0.el8_4.noarch        694/694 
  Running scriptlet: kernel-core-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64            694/694 
  Running scriptlet: libwbclient-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64                  694/694 
  Running scriptlet: kmod-kvdo-6.2.5.72-81.el8.x86_64                   694/694 
  Running scriptlet: authselect-libs-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64                 694/694 
  Running scriptlet: sssd-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 694/694 
  Running scriptlet: nss-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                          694/694 
  Running scriptlet: authselect-compat-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64               694/694 
  Running scriptlet: tuned-2.16.0-1.el8.noarch                          694/694 
  Running scriptlet: microcode_ctl-4:20210608-1.el8.x86_64              694/694 
  Running scriptlet: libgcc-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                      694/694 
  Running scriptlet: glibc-common-2.28-164.el8.x86_64                   694/694 
  Running scriptlet: systemd-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                      694/694 
  Running scriptlet: systemd-udev-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                 694/694 
  Running scriptlet: glib2-2.56.4-156.el8.x86_64                        694/694 
  Running scriptlet: shared-mime-info-1.9-3.el8.x86_64                  694/694 
  Running scriptlet: vim-common-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64                694/694 
  Running scriptlet: man-db-2.7.6.1-18.el8.x86_64                       694/694 
  Verifying        : fstrm-0.6.1-2.el8.x86_64                             1/694 
  Verifying        : protobuf-c-1.3.0-6.el8.x86_64                        2/694 
  Verifying        : ModemManager-glib-1.10.8-4.el8.x86_64                3/694 
  Verifying        : bubblewrap-0.4.0-1.el8.x86_64                        4/694 
  Verifying        : centos-linux-release-8.5-1.2111.el8.noarch           5/694 
  Verifying        : centos-release-8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8.x86_64             6/694 
  Verifying        : centos-repos-8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8.x86_64               7/694 
  Verifying        : crypto-policies-scripts-20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el     8/694 
  Verifying        : fwupd-1.5.9-1.el8_4.x86_64                           9/694 
  Verifying        : dbxtool-8-5.el8.x86_64                              10/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-tools-efi-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64               11/694 
  Verifying        : kernel-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                  12/694 
  Verifying        : kernel-core-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64             13/694 
  Verifying        : kernel-modules-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64          14/694 
  Verifying        : libbpf-0.4.0-1.el8.x86_64                           15/694 
  Verifying        : libgcab1-1.1-1.el8.x86_64                           16/694 
  Verifying        : libibverbs-35.0-1.el8.x86_64                        17/694 
  Verifying        : libicu-60.3-2.el8_1.x86_64                          18/694 
  Verifying        : libmbim-1.20.2-1.el8.x86_64                         19/694 
  Verifying        : libmodulemd-2.13.0-1.el8.x86_64                     20/694 
  Verifying        : libqmi-1.24.0-3.el8.x86_64                          21/694 
  Verifying        : libsmbios-2.4.1-2.el8.x86_64                        22/694 
  Verifying        : libxmlb-0.1.15-1.el8.x86_64                         23/694 
  Verifying        : lmdb-libs-0.9.24-1.el8.x86_64                       24/694 
  Verifying        : rdma-core-35.0-1.el8.x86_64                         25/694 
  Verifying        : shared-mime-info-1.9-3.el8.x86_64                   26/694 
  Verifying        : tpm2-tss-2.3.2-4.el8.x86_64                         27/694 
  Verifying        : WALinuxAgent-udev-2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8.noarch        28/694 
  Verifying        : centos-linux-repos-8-3_ol001.el8.noarch             29/694 
  Verifying        : authselect-compat-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64                30/694 
  Verifying        : authselect-compat-1.1-2.el8.x86_64                  31/694 
  Verifying        : bind-libs-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64                   32/694 
  Verifying        : bind-libs-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.x86_64               33/694 
  Verifying        : bind-libs-lite-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64              34/694 
  Verifying        : bind-libs-lite-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.x86_64          35/694 
  Verifying        : bind-license-32:9.11.26-6.el8.noarch                36/694 
  Verifying        : bind-license-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.noarch            37/694 
  Verifying        : bind-utils-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64                  38/694 
  Verifying        : bind-utils-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.x86_64              39/694 
  Verifying        : cloud-init-21.1-7.el8_5.3.noarch                    40/694 
  Verifying        : cloud-init-19.4-1.el8.7.noarch                      41/694 
  Verifying        : cloud-utils-growpart-0.31-3.el8.noarch              42/694 
  Verifying        : cloud-utils-growpart-0.29-3.el8.noarch              43/694 
  Verifying        : fprintd-1.90.9-2.el8.x86_64                         44/694 
  Verifying        : fprintd-1.90.0-0.20191121gitf022902.el8.x86_64      45/694 
  Verifying        : fprintd-pam-1.90.9-2.el8.x86_64                     46/694 
  Verifying        : fprintd-pam-1.90.0-0.20191121gitf022902.el8.x86_    47/694 
  Verifying        : gpm-libs-1.20.7-17.el8.x86_64                       48/694 
  Verifying        : gpm-libs-1.20.7-15.el8.x86_64                       49/694 
  Verifying        : hyperv-daemons-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64        50/694 
  Verifying        : hyperv-daemons-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64        51/694 
  Verifying        : hyperv-daemons-license-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.no    52/694 
  Verifying        : hyperv-daemons-license-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.no    53/694 
  Verifying        : hypervfcopyd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64          54/694 
  Verifying        : hypervfcopyd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64          55/694 
  Verifying        : hypervkvpd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64            56/694 
  Verifying        : hypervkvpd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64            57/694 
  Verifying        : hypervvssd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64            58/694 
  Verifying        : hypervvssd-0-0.28.20180415git.el8.x86_64            59/694 
  Verifying        : libfastjson-0.99.9-1.el8.x86_64                     60/694 
  Verifying        : libfastjson-0.99.8-2.el8.x86_64                     61/694 
  Verifying        : libfprint-1.90.7-1.el8.x86_64                       62/694 
  Verifying        : libfprint-1.90.0-4.el8.x86_64                       63/694 
  Verifying        : libmaxminddb-1.2.0-10.el8.x86_64                    64/694 
  Verifying        : libmaxminddb-1.2.0-7.el8.x86_64                     65/694 
  Verifying        : librelp-1.9.0-1.el8.x86_64                          66/694 
  Verifying        : librelp-1.2.16-1.el8.x86_64                         67/694 
  Verifying        : nmap-ncat-2:7.70-6.el8.x86_64                       68/694 
  Verifying        : nmap-ncat-2:7.70-5.el8.x86_64                       69/694 
  Verifying        : nspr-4.32.0-1.el8_4.x86_64                          70/694 
  Verifying        : nspr-4.25.0-2.el8_2.x86_64                          71/694 
  Verifying        : nss-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                           72/694 
  Verifying        : nss-3.53.1-11.el8_2.x86_64                          73/694 
  Verifying        : nss-softokn-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                   74/694 
  Verifying        : nss-softokn-3.53.1-11.el8_2.x86_64                  75/694 
  Verifying        : nss-softokn-freebl-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64            76/694 
  Verifying        : nss-softokn-freebl-3.53.1-11.el8_2.x86_64           77/694 
  Verifying        : nss-sysinit-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                   78/694 
  Verifying        : nss-sysinit-3.53.1-11.el8_2.x86_64                  79/694 
  Verifying        : nss-util-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                      80/694 
  Verifying        : nss-util-3.53.1-11.el8_2.x86_64                     81/694 
  Verifying        : python3-babel-2.5.1-7.el8.noarch                    82/694 
  Verifying        : python3-babel-2.5.1-5.el8.noarch                    83/694 
  Verifying        : python3-bind-32:9.11.26-6.el8.noarch                84/694 
  Verifying        : python3-bind-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.noarch            85/694 
  Verifying        : python3-jinja2-2.10.1-3.el8.noarch                  86/694 
  Verifying        : python3-jinja2-2.10.1-2.el8_0.noarch                87/694 
  Verifying        : python3-pip-9.0.3-20.el8.noarch                     88/694 
  Verifying        : python3-pip-9.0.3-16.el8.noarch                     89/694 
  Verifying        : python3-pyOpenSSL-19.0.0-1.el8.noarch               90/694 
  Verifying        : python3-pyOpenSSL-18.0.0-1.el8.noarch               91/694 
  Verifying        : python36-3.6.8-38.module_el8.5.0+895+a459eca8.x8    92/694 
  Verifying        : python36-3.6.8-2.module_el8.1.0+245+c39af44f.x86    93/694 
  Verifying        : rsyslog-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                       94/694 
  Verifying        : rsyslog-8.1911.0-3.el8.x86_64                       95/694 
  Verifying        : rsyslog-gnutls-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                96/694 
  Verifying        : rsyslog-gnutls-8.1911.0-3.el8.x86_64                97/694 
  Verifying        : rsyslog-gssapi-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                98/694 
  Verifying        : rsyslog-gssapi-8.1911.0-3.el8.x86_64                99/694 
  Verifying        : rsyslog-relp-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                 100/694 
  Verifying        : rsyslog-relp-8.1911.0-3.el8.x86_64                 101/694 
  Verifying        : tcpdump-14:4.9.3-2.el8.x86_64                      102/694 
  Verifying        : tcpdump-14:4.9.2-6.el8.x86_64                      103/694 
  Verifying        : vim-common-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64                104/694 
  Verifying        : vim-common-2:8.0.1763-13.el8.x86_64                105/694 
  Verifying        : vim-enhanced-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64              106/694 
  Verifying        : vim-enhanced-2:8.0.1763-13.el8.x86_64              107/694 
  Verifying        : vim-filesystem-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.noarch            108/694 
  Verifying        : vim-filesystem-2:8.0.1763-13.el8.noarch            109/694 
  Verifying        : wget-1.19.5-10.el8.x86_64                          110/694 
  Verifying        : wget-1.19.5-8.el8_1.1.x86_64                       111/694 
  Verifying        : NetworkManager-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64              112/694 
  Verifying        : NetworkManager-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64             113/694 
  Verifying        : NetworkManager-libnm-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64        114/694 
  Verifying        : NetworkManager-libnm-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64       115/694 
  Verifying        : NetworkManager-team-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64         116/694 
  Verifying        : NetworkManager-team-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64        117/694 
  Verifying        : NetworkManager-tui-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64          118/694 
  Verifying        : NetworkManager-tui-1:1.22.8-5.el8_2.x86_64         119/694 
  Verifying        : authselect-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64                      120/694 
  Verifying        : authselect-1.1-2.el8.x86_64                        121/694 
  Verifying        : authselect-libs-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64                 122/694 
  Verifying        : authselect-libs-1.1-2.el8.x86_64                   123/694 
  Verifying        : avahi-libs-0.7-20.el8.x86_64                       124/694 
  Verifying        : avahi-libs-0.7-19.el8.x86_64                       125/694 
  Verifying        : bash-4.4.20-2.el8.x86_64                           126/694 
  Verifying        : bash-4.4.19-10.el8.x86_64                          127/694 
  Verifying        : bind-export-libs-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64           128/694 
  Verifying        : bind-export-libs-32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1.x86_64       129/694 
  Verifying        : binutils-2.30-108.el8_5.1.x86_64                   130/694 
  Verifying        : binutils-2.30-73.el8.x86_64                        131/694 
  Verifying        : bpftool-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                132/694 
  Verifying        : bpftool-4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2.x86_64               133/694 
  Verifying        : brotli-1.0.6-3.el8.x86_64                          134/694 
  Verifying        : brotli-1.0.6-1.el8.x86_64                          135/694 
  Verifying        : ca-certificates-2021.2.50-80.0.el8_4.noarch        136/694 
  Verifying        : ca-certificates-2020.2.41-80.0.el8_2.noarch        137/694 
  Verifying        : chkconfig-1.19.1-1.el8.x86_64                      138/694 
  Verifying        : chkconfig-1.11-1.el8.x86_64                        139/694 
  Verifying        : chrony-4.1-1.el8.x86_64                            140/694 
  Verifying        : chrony-3.5-1.el8.x86_64                            141/694 
  Verifying        : cockpit-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                         142/694 
  Verifying        : cockpit-211.3-1.el8.x86_64                         143/694 
  Verifying        : cockpit-bridge-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                  144/694 
  Verifying        : cockpit-bridge-211.3-1.el8.x86_64                  145/694 
  Verifying        : cockpit-system-251.1-1.el8.noarch                  146/694 
  Verifying        : cockpit-system-211.3-1.el8.noarch                  147/694 
  Verifying        : cockpit-ws-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                      148/694 
  Verifying        : cockpit-ws-211.3-1.el8.x86_64                      149/694 
  Verifying        : coreutils-8.30-12.el8.x86_64                       150/694 
  Verifying        : coreutils-8.30-7.el8_2.1.x86_64                    151/694 
  Verifying        : coreutils-common-8.30-12.el8.x86_64                152/694 
  Verifying        : coreutils-common-8.30-7.el8_2.1.x86_64             153/694 
  Verifying        : cpio-2.12-10.el8.x86_64                            154/694 
  Verifying        : cpio-2.12-8.el8.x86_64                             155/694 
  Verifying        : crontabs-1.11-17.20190603git.el8.noarch            156/694 
  Verifying        : crontabs-1.11-16.20150630git.el8.noarch            157/694 
  Verifying        : crypto-policies-20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el8.noarch   158/694 
  Verifying        : crypto-policies-20191128-2.git23e1bf1.el8.noarch   159/694 
  Verifying        : cryptsetup-2.3.3-4.el8.x86_64                      160/694 
  Verifying        : cryptsetup-2.2.2-1.el8.x86_64                      161/694 
  Verifying        : cryptsetup-libs-2.3.3-4.el8.x86_64                 162/694 
  Verifying        : cryptsetup-libs-2.2.2-1.el8.x86_64                 163/694 
  Verifying        : cups-libs-1:2.2.6-40.el8.x86_64                    164/694 
  Verifying        : cups-libs-1:2.2.6-33.el8.x86_64                    165/694 
  Verifying        : curl-7.61.1-22.el8.x86_64                          166/694 
  Verifying        : curl-7.61.1-12.el8.x86_64                          167/694 
  Verifying        : cyrus-sasl-gssapi-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64              168/694 
  Verifying        : cyrus-sasl-gssapi-2.1.27-1.el8.x86_64              169/694 
  Verifying        : cyrus-sasl-lib-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64                 170/694 
  Verifying        : cyrus-sasl-lib-2.1.27-1.el8.x86_64                 171/694 
  Verifying        : cyrus-sasl-plain-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64               172/694 
  Verifying        : cyrus-sasl-plain-2.1.27-1.el8.x86_64               173/694 
  Verifying        : dbus-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                        174/694 
  Verifying        : dbus-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64                      175/694 
  Verifying        : dbus-common-1:1.12.8-14.el8.noarch                 176/694 
  Verifying        : dbus-common-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.noarch               177/694 
  Verifying        : dbus-daemon-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                 178/694 
  Verifying        : dbus-daemon-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64               179/694 
  Verifying        : dbus-libs-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                   180/694 
  Verifying        : dbus-libs-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64                 181/694 
  Verifying        : dbus-tools-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                  182/694 
  Verifying        : dbus-tools-1:1.12.8-10.el8_2.x86_64                183/694 
  Verifying        : device-mapper-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64             184/694 
  Verifying        : device-mapper-8:1.02.169-3.el8.x86_64              185/694 
  Verifying        : device-mapper-event-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64       186/694 
  Verifying        : device-mapper-event-8:1.02.169-3.el8.x86_64        187/694 
  Verifying        : device-mapper-event-libs-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_6   188/694 
  Verifying        : device-mapper-event-libs-8:1.02.169-3.el8.x86_64   189/694 
  Verifying        : device-mapper-libs-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64        190/694 
  Verifying        : device-mapper-libs-8:1.02.169-3.el8.x86_64         191/694 
  Verifying        : device-mapper-persistent-data-0.9.0-4.el8.x86_64   192/694 
  Verifying        : device-mapper-persistent-data-0.8.5-3.el8.x86_64   193/694 
  Verifying        : dhcp-client-12:4.3.6-45.el8.x86_64                 194/694 
  Verifying        : dhcp-client-12:4.3.6-40.el8.x86_64                 195/694 
  Verifying        : dhcp-common-12:4.3.6-45.el8.noarch                 196/694 
  Verifying        : dhcp-common-12:4.3.6-40.el8.noarch                 197/694 
  Verifying        : dhcp-libs-12:4.3.6-45.el8.x86_64                   198/694 
  Verifying        : dhcp-libs-12:4.3.6-40.el8.x86_64                   199/694 
  Verifying        : dmidecode-1:3.2-10.el8.x86_64                      200/694 
  Verifying        : dmidecode-1:3.2-5.el8.x86_64                       201/694 
  Verifying        : dnf-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                             202/694 
  Verifying        : dnf-4.2.17-7.el8_2.noarch                          203/694 
  Verifying        : dnf-data-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                        204/694 
  Verifying        : dnf-data-4.2.17-7.el8_2.noarch                     205/694 
  Verifying        : dnf-plugins-core-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch               206/694 
  Verifying        : dnf-plugins-core-4.0.12-4.el8_2.noarch             207/694 
  Verifying        : dracut-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_64              208/694 
  Verifying        : dracut-049-70.git20200228.el8.x86_64               209/694 
  Verifying        : dracut-network-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_64      210/694 
  Verifying        : dracut-network-049-70.git20200228.el8.x86_64       211/694 
  Verifying        : dracut-squash-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_64       212/694 
  Verifying        : dracut-squash-049-70.git20200228.el8.x86_64        213/694 
  Verifying        : e2fsprogs-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                      214/694 
  Verifying        : e2fsprogs-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                      215/694 
  Verifying        : e2fsprogs-libs-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                 216/694 
  Verifying        : e2fsprogs-libs-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                 217/694 
  Verifying        : efi-filesystem-3-3.el8.noarch                      218/694 
  Verifying        : efi-filesystem-3-2.el8.noarch                      219/694 
  Verifying        : efivar-37-4.el8.x86_64                             220/694 
  Verifying        : efivar-36-1.el8.x86_64                             221/694 
  Verifying        : efivar-libs-37-4.el8.x86_64                        222/694 
  Verifying        : efivar-libs-36-1.el8.x86_64                        223/694 
  Verifying        : elfutils-default-yama-scope-0.185-1.el8.noarch     224/694 
  Verifying        : elfutils-default-yama-scope-0.178-7.el8.noarch     225/694 
  Verifying        : elfutils-libelf-0.185-1.el8.x86_64                 226/694 
  Verifying        : elfutils-libelf-0.178-7.el8.x86_64                 227/694 
  Verifying        : elfutils-libs-0.185-1.el8.x86_64                   228/694 
  Verifying        : elfutils-libs-0.178-7.el8.x86_64                   229/694 
  Verifying        : emacs-filesystem-1:26.1-7.el8.noarch               230/694 
  Verifying        : emacs-filesystem-1:26.1-5.el8.noarch               231/694 
  Verifying        : ethtool-2:5.8-7.el8.x86_64                         232/694 
  Verifying        : ethtool-2:5.0-2.el8.x86_64                         233/694 
  Verifying        : expat-2.2.5-4.el8.x86_64                           234/694 
  Verifying        : expat-2.2.5-3.el8.x86_64                           235/694 
  Verifying        : file-5.33-20.el8.x86_64                            236/694 
  Verifying        : file-5.33-13.el8.x86_64                            237/694 
  Verifying        : file-libs-5.33-20.el8.x86_64                       238/694 
  Verifying        : file-libs-5.33-13.el8.x86_64                       239/694 
  Verifying        : filesystem-3.8-6.el8.x86_64                        240/694 
  Verifying        : filesystem-3.8-2.el8.x86_64                        241/694 
  Verifying        : firewalld-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch                       242/694 
  Verifying        : firewalld-0.8.0-4.el8.noarch                       243/694 
  Verifying        : firewalld-filesystem-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch            244/694 
  Verifying        : firewalld-filesystem-0.8.0-4.el8.noarch            245/694 
  Verifying        : freetype-2.9.1-4.el8_3.1.x86_64                    246/694 
  Verifying        : freetype-2.9.1-4.el8.x86_64                        247/694 
  Verifying        : gawk-4.2.1-2.el8.x86_64                            248/694 
  Verifying        : gawk-4.2.1-1.el8.x86_64                            249/694 
  Verifying        : glib2-2.56.4-156.el8.x86_64                        250/694 
  Verifying        : glib2-2.56.4-8.el8.x86_64                          251/694 
  Verifying        : glibc-2.28-164.el8.x86_64                          252/694 
  Verifying        : glibc-2.28-101.el8.x86_64                          253/694 
  Verifying        : glibc-all-langpacks-2.28-164.el8.x86_64            254/694 
  Verifying        : glibc-all-langpacks-2.28-101.el8.x86_64            255/694 
  Verifying        : glibc-common-2.28-164.el8.x86_64                   256/694 
  Verifying        : glibc-common-2.28-101.el8.x86_64                   257/694 
  Verifying        : gnupg2-2.2.20-2.el8.x86_64                         258/694 
  Verifying        : gnupg2-2.2.9-1.el8.x86_64                          259/694 
  Verifying        : gnutls-3.6.16-4.el8.x86_64                         260/694 
  Verifying        : gnutls-3.6.8-11.el8_2.x86_64                       261/694 
  Verifying        : gpgme-1.13.1-9.el8.x86_64                          262/694 
  Verifying        : gpgme-1.10.0-6.el8.0.1.x86_64                      263/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-common-1:2.02-106.el8.noarch                 264/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-common-1:2.02-87.el8_2.noarch                265/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-efi-x64-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                266/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-efi-x64-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64               267/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-pc-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                     268/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-pc-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64                    269/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-pc-modules-1:2.02-106.el8.noarch             270/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-pc-modules-1:2.02-87.el8_2.noarch            271/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-tools-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                  272/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-tools-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64                 273/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-tools-extra-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64            274/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-tools-extra-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64           275/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-tools-minimal-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64          276/694 
  Verifying        : grub2-tools-minimal-1:2.02-87.el8_2.x86_64         277/694 
  Verifying        : grubby-8.40-42.el8.x86_64                          278/694 
  Verifying        : grubby-8.40-38.el8.x86_64                          279/694 
  Verifying        : gsettings-desktop-schemas-3.32.0-6.el8.x86_64      280/694 
  Verifying        : gsettings-desktop-schemas-3.32.0-4.el8.x86_64      281/694 
  Verifying        : gzip-1.9-12.el8.x86_64                             282/694 
  Verifying        : gzip-1.9-9.el8.x86_64                              283/694 
  Verifying        : hdparm-9.54-4.el8.x86_64                           284/694 
  Verifying        : hdparm-9.54-2.el8.x86_64                           285/694 
  Verifying        : hwdata-0.314-8.10.el8.noarch                       286/694 
  Verifying        : hwdata-0.314-8.4.el8.noarch                        287/694 
  Verifying        : ima-evm-utils-1.3.2-12.el8.x86_64                  288/694 
  Verifying        : ima-evm-utils-1.1-5.el8.x86_64                     289/694 
  Verifying        : initscripts-10.00.15-1.el8.x86_64                  290/694 
  Verifying        : initscripts-10.00.6-1.el8_2.2.x86_64               291/694 
  Verifying        : iproute-5.12.0-4.el8.x86_64                        292/694 
  Verifying        : iproute-5.3.0-1.el8.x86_64                         293/694 
  Verifying        : iptables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64                       294/694 
  Verifying        : iptables-1.8.4-10.el8_2.1.x86_64                   295/694 
  Verifying        : iptables-ebtables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64              296/694 
  Verifying        : iptables-ebtables-1.8.4-10.el8_2.1.x86_64          297/694 
  Verifying        : iptables-libs-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64                  298/694 
  Verifying        : iptables-libs-1.8.4-10.el8_2.1.x86_64              299/694 
  Verifying        : iputils-20180629-7.el8.x86_64                      300/694 
  Verifying        : iputils-20180629-2.el8.x86_64                      301/694 
  Verifying        : irqbalance-2:1.4.0-6.el8.x86_64                    302/694 
  Verifying        : irqbalance-2:1.4.0-4.el8.x86_64                    303/694 
  Verifying        : json-c-0.13.1-2.el8.x86_64                         304/694 
  Verifying        : json-c-0.13.1-0.2.el8.x86_64                       305/694 
  Verifying        : kbd-2.0.4-10.el8.x86_64                            306/694 
  Verifying        : kbd-2.0.4-8.el8.x86_64                             307/694 
  Verifying        : kbd-legacy-2.0.4-10.el8.noarch                     308/694 
  Verifying        : kbd-legacy-2.0.4-8.el8.noarch                      309/694 
  Verifying        : kbd-misc-2.0.4-10.el8.noarch                       310/694 
  Verifying        : kbd-misc-2.0.4-8.el8.noarch                        311/694 
  Verifying        : kernel-tools-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64           312/694 
  Verifying        : kernel-tools-4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2.x86_64          313/694 
  Verifying        : kernel-tools-libs-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64      314/694 
  Verifying        : kernel-tools-libs-4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2.x86_64     315/694 
  Verifying        : kexec-tools-2.0.20-57.el8_5.1.x86_64               316/694 
  Verifying        : kexec-tools-2.0.20-14.el8.x86_64                   317/694 
  Verifying        : keyutils-libs-1.5.10-9.el8.x86_64                  318/694 
  Verifying        : keyutils-libs-1.5.10-6.el8.x86_64                  319/694 
  Verifying        : kmod-25-18.el8.x86_64                              320/694 
  Verifying        : kmod-25-16.el8.x86_64                              321/694 
  Verifying        : kmod-kvdo-6.2.5.72-81.el8.x86_64                   322/694 
  Verifying        : kmod-kvdo-6.2.2.117-65.el8.x86_64                  323/694 
  Verifying        : kmod-libs-25-18.el8.x86_64                         324/694 
  Verifying        : kmod-libs-25-16.el8.x86_64                         325/694 
  Verifying        : kpatch-0.9.2-5.el8.noarch                          326/694 
  Verifying        : kpatch-0.6.1-6.el8.noarch                          327/694 
  Verifying        : krb5-libs-1.18.2-14.el8.x86_64                     328/694 
  Verifying        : krb5-libs-1.17-18.el8.x86_64                       329/694 
  Verifying        : ledmon-0.95-1.el8.x86_64                           330/694 
  Verifying        : ledmon-0.93-1.el8.x86_64                           331/694 
  Verifying        : libarchive-3.3.3-1.el8.x86_64                      332/694 
  Verifying        : libarchive-3.3.2-8.el8_1.x86_64                    333/694 
  Verifying        : libblkid-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                      334/694 
  Verifying        : libblkid-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                      335/694 
  Verifying        : libcap-2.26-5.el8.x86_64                           336/694 
  Verifying        : libcap-2.26-3.el8.x86_64                           337/694 
  Verifying        : libcap-ng-0.7.11-1.el8.x86_64                      338/694 
  Verifying        : libcap-ng-0.7.9-5.el8.x86_64                       339/694 
  Verifying        : libcom_err-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                     340/694 
  Verifying        : libcom_err-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                     341/694 
  Verifying        : libcomps-0.1.16-2.el8.x86_64                       342/694 
  Verifying        : libcomps-0.1.11-4.el8.x86_64                       343/694 
  Verifying        : libcurl-7.61.1-22.el8.x86_64                       344/694 
  Verifying        : libcurl-7.61.1-12.el8.x86_64                       345/694 
  Verifying        : libdb-5.3.28-42.el8_4.x86_64                       346/694 
  Verifying        : libdb-5.3.28-37.el8.x86_64                         347/694 
  Verifying        : libdb-utils-5.3.28-42.el8_4.x86_64                 348/694 
  Verifying        : libdb-utils-5.3.28-37.el8.x86_64                   349/694 
  Verifying        : libdnf-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64                         350/694 
  Verifying        : libdnf-0.39.1-6.el8_2.x86_64                       351/694 
  Verifying        : libfdisk-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                      352/694 
  Verifying        : libfdisk-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                      353/694 
  Verifying        : libffi-3.1-22.el8.x86_64                           354/694 
  Verifying        : libffi-3.1-21.el8.x86_64                           355/694 
  Verifying        : libgcc-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                        356/694 
  Verifying        : libgcc-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                      357/694 
  Verifying        : libgcrypt-1.8.5-6.el8.x86_64                       358/694 
  Verifying        : libgcrypt-1.8.3-4.el8.x86_64                       359/694 
  Verifying        : libgomp-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                       360/694 
  Verifying        : libgomp-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                     361/694 
  Verifying        : libipa_hbac-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 362/694 
  Verifying        : libipa_hbac-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    363/694 
  Verifying        : libkcapi-1.2.0-2.el8.x86_64                        364/694 
  Verifying        : libkcapi-1.1.1-16_1.el8.x86_64                     365/694 
  Verifying        : libkcapi-hmaccalc-1.2.0-2.el8.x86_64               366/694 
  Verifying        : libkcapi-hmaccalc-1.1.1-16_1.el8.x86_64            367/694 
  Verifying        : libldb-2.3.0-2.el8.x86_64                          368/694 
  Verifying        : libldb-2.0.7-3.el8.x86_64                          369/694 
  Verifying        : libmodulemd1-1.8.16-0.2.13.0.1.x86_64              370/694 
  Verifying        : libmodulemd1-1.8.16-0.2.8.2.1.x86_64               371/694 
  Verifying        : libmount-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                      372/694 
  Verifying        : libmount-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                      373/694 
  Verifying        : libndp-1.7-6.el8.x86_64                            374/694 
  Verifying        : libndp-1.7-3.el8.x86_64                            375/694 
  Verifying        : libpcap-14:1.9.1-5.el8.x86_64                      376/694 
  Verifying        : libpcap-14:1.9.0-3.el8.x86_64                      377/694 
  Verifying        : libpsl-0.20.2-6.el8.x86_64                         378/694 
  Verifying        : libpsl-0.20.2-5.el8.x86_64                         379/694 
  Verifying        : libpwquality-1.4.4-3.el8.x86_64                    380/694 
  Verifying        : libpwquality-1.4.0-9.el8.x86_64                    381/694 
  Verifying        : librepo-1.14.0-2.el8.x86_64                        382/694 
  Verifying        : librepo-1.11.0-3.el8_2.x86_64                      383/694 
  Verifying        : libreport-filesystem-2.9.5-15.el8.x86_64           384/694 
  Verifying        : libreport-filesystem-2.9.5-10.el8.x86_64           385/694 
  Verifying        : libseccomp-2.5.1-1.el8.x86_64                      386/694 
  Verifying        : libseccomp-2.4.1-1.el8.x86_64                      387/694 
  Verifying        : libselinux-2.9-5.el8.x86_64                        388/694 
  Verifying        : libselinux-2.9-3.el8.x86_64                        389/694 
  Verifying        : libselinux-utils-2.9-5.el8.x86_64                  390/694 
  Verifying        : libselinux-utils-2.9-3.el8.x86_64                  391/694 
  Verifying        : libsemanage-2.9-6.el8.x86_64                       392/694 
  Verifying        : libsemanage-2.9-2.el8.x86_64                       393/694 
  Verifying        : libsepol-2.9-3.el8.x86_64                          394/694 
  Verifying        : libsepol-2.9-1.el8.x86_64                          395/694 
  Verifying        : libsmartcols-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                  396/694 
  Verifying        : libsmartcols-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                  397/694 
  Verifying        : libsmbclient-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64                 398/694 
  Verifying        : libsmbclient-4.11.2-13.el8.x86_64                  399/694 
  Verifying        : libsolv-0.7.19-1.el8.x86_64                        400/694 
  Verifying        : libsolv-0.7.7-1.el8.x86_64                         401/694 
  Verifying        : libss-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                          402/694 
  Verifying        : libss-1.45.4-3.el8.x86_64                          403/694 
  Verifying        : libssh-0.9.4-3.el8.x86_64                          404/694 
  Verifying        : libssh-0.9.0-4.el8.x86_64                          405/694 
  Verifying        : libssh-config-0.9.4-3.el8.noarch                   406/694 
  Verifying        : libssh-config-0.9.0-4.el8.noarch                   407/694 
  Verifying        : libsss_certmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64              408/694 
  Verifying        : libsss_certmap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                 409/694 
  Verifying        : libsss_idmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                410/694 
  Verifying        : libsss_idmap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                   411/694 
  Verifying        : libsss_nss_idmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64            412/694 
  Verifying        : libsss_nss_idmap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64               413/694 
  Verifying        : libstdc++-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                     414/694 
  Verifying        : libstdc++-8.3.1-5.el8.0.2.x86_64                   415/694 
  Verifying        : libstoragemgmt-1.9.1-1.el8.x86_64                  416/694 
  Verifying        : libstoragemgmt-1.8.3-1.el8.x86_64                  417/694 
  Verifying        : libtalloc-2.3.2-1.el8.x86_64                       418/694 
  Verifying        : libtalloc-2.2.0-7.el8.x86_64                       419/694 
  Verifying        : libtdb-1.4.3-1.el8.x86_64                          420/694 
  Verifying        : libtdb-1.4.2-2.el8.x86_64                          421/694 
  Verifying        : libteam-1.31-2.el8.x86_64                          422/694 
  Verifying        : libteam-1.29-1.el8_2.2.x86_64                      423/694 
  Verifying        : libtevent-0.11.0-0.el8.x86_64                      424/694 
  Verifying        : libtevent-0.10.0-2.el8.x86_64                      425/694 
  Verifying        : libtirpc-1.1.4-5.el8.x86_64                        426/694 
  Verifying        : libtirpc-1.1.4-4.el8.x86_64                        427/694 
  Verifying        : libusbx-1.0.23-4.el8.x86_64                        428/694 
  Verifying        : libusbx-1.0.22-1.el8.x86_64                        429/694 
  Verifying        : libuuid-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                       430/694 
  Verifying        : libuuid-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                       431/694 
  Verifying        : libwbclient-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64                  432/694 
  Verifying        : libwbclient-4.11.2-13.el8.x86_64                   433/694 
  Verifying        : libxcrypt-4.1.1-6.el8.x86_64                       434/694 
  Verifying        : libxcrypt-4.1.1-4.el8.x86_64                       435/694 
  Verifying        : libxml2-2.9.7-9.el8_4.2.x86_64                     436/694 
  Verifying        : libxml2-2.9.7-7.el8.x86_64                         437/694 
  Verifying        : libzstd-1.4.4-1.el8.x86_64                         438/694 
  Verifying        : libzstd-1.4.2-2.el8.x86_64                         439/694 
  Verifying        : linux-firmware-20210702-103.gitd79c2677.el8.noar   440/694 
  Verifying        : linux-firmware-20191202-97.gite8a0f4c9.el8.noarc   441/694 
  Verifying        : logrotate-3.14.0-4.el8.x86_64                      442/694 
  Verifying        : logrotate-3.14.0-3.el8.x86_64                      443/694 
  Verifying        : lshw-B.02.19.2-6.el8.x86_64                        444/694 
  Verifying        : lshw-B.02.18-23.el8.x86_64                         445/694 
  Verifying        : lsof-4.93.2-1.el8.x86_64                           446/694 
  Verifying        : lsof-4.91-2.el8.x86_64                             447/694 
  Verifying        : lsscsi-0.32-3.el8.x86_64                           448/694 
  Verifying        : lsscsi-0.30-1.el8.x86_64                           449/694 
  Verifying        : lua-libs-5.3.4-12.el8.x86_64                       450/694 
  Verifying        : lua-libs-5.3.4-11.el8.x86_64                       451/694 
  Verifying        : lvm2-8:2.03.12-10.el8.x86_64                       452/694 
  Verifying        : lvm2-8:2.03.08-3.el8.x86_64                        453/694 
  Verifying        : lvm2-libs-8:2.03.12-10.el8.x86_64                  454/694 
  Verifying        : lvm2-libs-8:2.03.08-3.el8.x86_64                   455/694 
  Verifying        : lz4-libs-1.8.3-3.el8_4.x86_64                      456/694 
  Verifying        : lz4-libs-1.8.1.2-4.el8.x86_64                      457/694 
  Verifying        : man-db-2.7.6.1-18.el8.x86_64                       458/694 
  Verifying        : man-db-2.7.6.1-17.el8.x86_64                       459/694 
  Verifying        : mcelog-3:175-1.el8.x86_64                          460/694 
  Verifying        : mcelog-3:165-0.el8.x86_64                          461/694 
  Verifying        : mdadm-4.2-rc2.el8.x86_64                           462/694 
  Verifying        : mdadm-4.1-13.el8.x86_64                            463/694 
  Verifying        : microcode_ctl-4:20210608-1.el8.x86_64              464/694 
  Verifying        : microcode_ctl-4:20191115-4.20200609.1.el8_2.x86_   465/694 
  Verifying        : mokutil-1:0.3.0-11.el8.x86_64                      466/694 
  Verifying        : mokutil-1:0.3.0-9.el8.x86_64                       467/694 
  Verifying        : ncurses-6.1-9.20180224.el8.x86_64                  468/694 
  Verifying        : ncurses-6.1-7.20180224.el8.x86_64                  469/694 
  Verifying        : ncurses-base-6.1-9.20180224.el8.noarch             470/694 
  Verifying        : ncurses-base-6.1-7.20180224.el8.noarch             471/694 
  Verifying        : ncurses-libs-6.1-9.20180224.el8.x86_64             472/694 
  Verifying        : ncurses-libs-6.1-7.20180224.el8.x86_64             473/694 
  Verifying        : net-tools-2.0-0.52.20160912git.el8.x86_64          474/694 
  Verifying        : net-tools-2.0-0.51.20160912git.el8.x86_64          475/694 
  Verifying        : nettle-3.4.1-7.el8.x86_64                          476/694 
  Verifying        : nettle-3.4.1-1.el8.x86_64                          477/694 
  Verifying        : nftables-1:0.9.3-21.el8.x86_64                     478/694 
  Verifying        : nftables-1:0.9.3-12.el8_2.1.x86_64                 479/694 
  Verifying        : numactl-libs-2.0.12-13.el8.x86_64                  480/694 
  Verifying        : numactl-libs-2.0.12-9.el8.x86_64                   481/694 
  Verifying        : openldap-2.4.46-18.el8.x86_64                      482/694 
  Verifying        : openldap-2.4.46-11.el8_1.x86_64                    483/694 
  Verifying        : openssh-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                        484/694 
  Verifying        : openssh-8.0p1-4.el8_1.x86_64                       485/694 
  Verifying        : openssh-clients-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                486/694 
  Verifying        : openssh-clients-8.0p1-4.el8_1.x86_64               487/694 
  Verifying        : openssh-server-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                 488/694 
  Verifying        : openssh-server-8.0p1-4.el8_1.x86_64                489/694 
  Verifying        : openssl-1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5.x86_64                    490/694 
  Verifying        : openssl-1:1.1.1c-15.el8.x86_64                     491/694 
  Verifying        : openssl-libs-1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5.x86_64               492/694 
  Verifying        : openssl-libs-1:1.1.1c-15.el8.x86_64                493/694 
  Verifying        : os-prober-1.74-9.el8.x86_64                        494/694 
  Verifying        : os-prober-1.74-6.el8.x86_64                        495/694 
  Verifying        : p11-kit-0.23.22-1.el8.x86_64                       496/694 
  Verifying        : p11-kit-0.23.14-5.el8_0.x86_64                     497/694 
  Verifying        : p11-kit-trust-0.23.22-1.el8.x86_64                 498/694 
  Verifying        : p11-kit-trust-0.23.14-5.el8_0.x86_64               499/694 
  Verifying        : pam-1.3.1-15.el8.x86_64                            500/694 
  Verifying        : pam-1.3.1-8.el8.x86_64                             501/694 
  Verifying        : parted-3.2-39.el8.x86_64                           502/694 
  Verifying        : parted-3.2-38.el8.x86_64                           503/694 
  Verifying        : pciutils-3.7.0-1.el8.x86_64                        504/694 
  Verifying        : pciutils-3.5.6-4.el8.x86_64                        505/694 
  Verifying        : pciutils-libs-3.7.0-1.el8.x86_64                   506/694 
  Verifying        : pciutils-libs-3.5.6-4.el8.x86_64                   507/694 
  Verifying        : pcre-8.42-6.el8.x86_64                             508/694 
  Verifying        : pcre-8.42-4.el8.x86_64                             509/694 
  Verifying        : pcre2-10.32-2.el8.x86_64                           510/694 
  Verifying        : pcre2-10.32-1.el8.x86_64                           511/694 
  Verifying        : platform-python-3.6.8-41.el8.x86_64                512/694 
  Verifying        : platform-python-3.6.8-23.el8.x86_64                513/694 
  Verifying        : platform-python-pip-9.0.3-20.el8.noarch            514/694 
  Verifying        : platform-python-pip-9.0.3-16.el8.noarch            515/694 
  Verifying        : platform-python-setuptools-39.2.0-6.el8.noarch     516/694 
  Verifying        : platform-python-setuptools-39.2.0-5.el8.noarch     517/694 
  Verifying        : policycoreutils-2.9-16.el8.x86_64                  518/694 
  Verifying        : policycoreutils-2.9-9.el8.x86_64                   519/694 
  Verifying        : polkit-0.115-12.el8.x86_64                         520/694 
  Verifying        : polkit-0.115-11.el8.x86_64                         521/694 
  Verifying        : polkit-libs-0.115-12.el8.x86_64                    522/694 
  Verifying        : polkit-libs-0.115-11.el8.x86_64                    523/694 
  Verifying        : popt-1.18-1.el8.x86_64                             524/694 
  Verifying        : popt-1.16-14.el8.x86_64                            525/694 
  Verifying        : procps-ng-3.3.15-6.el8.x86_64                      526/694 
  Verifying        : procps-ng-3.3.15-1.el8.x86_64                      527/694 
  Verifying        : python3-cryptography-3.2.1-5.el8.x86_64            528/694 
  Verifying        : python3-cryptography-2.3-3.el8.x86_64              529/694 
  Verifying        : python3-dnf-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                     530/694 
  Verifying        : python3-dnf-4.2.17-7.el8_2.noarch                  531/694 
  Verifying        : python3-dnf-plugins-core-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch       532/694 
  Verifying        : python3-dnf-plugins-core-4.0.12-4.el8_2.noarch     533/694 
  Verifying        : python3-firewall-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch                534/694 
  Verifying        : python3-firewall-0.8.0-4.el8.noarch                535/694 
  Verifying        : python3-gobject-base-3.28.3-2.el8.x86_64           536/694 
  Verifying        : python3-gobject-base-3.28.3-1.el8.x86_64           537/694 
  Verifying        : python3-gpg-1.13.1-9.el8.x86_64                    538/694 
  Verifying        : python3-gpg-1.10.0-6.el8.0.1.x86_64                539/694 
  Verifying        : python3-hawkey-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64                 540/694 
  Verifying        : python3-hawkey-0.39.1-6.el8_2.x86_64               541/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libcomps-0.1.16-2.el8.x86_64               542/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libcomps-0.1.11-4.el8.x86_64               543/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libdnf-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64                 544/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libdnf-0.39.1-6.el8_2.x86_64               545/694 
  Verifying        : python3-librepo-1.14.0-2.el8.x86_64                546/694 
  Verifying        : python3-librepo-1.11.0-3.el8_2.x86_64              547/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libs-3.6.8-41.el8.x86_64                   548/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libs-3.6.8-23.el8.x86_64                   549/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libselinux-2.9-5.el8.x86_64                550/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libselinux-2.9-3.el8.x86_64                551/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libsemanage-2.9-6.el8.x86_64               552/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libsemanage-2.9-2.el8.x86_64               553/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libstoragemgmt-1.9.1-1.el8.x86_64          554/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libstoragemgmt-1.8.3-1.el8.noarch          555/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libstoragemgmt-clibs-1.8.3-1.el8.x86_64    556/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libxml2-2.9.7-9.el8_4.2.x86_64             557/694 
  Verifying        : python3-libxml2-2.9.7-7.el8.x86_64                 558/694 
  Verifying        : python3-linux-procfs-0.6.3-1.el8.noarch            559/694 
  Verifying        : python3-linux-procfs-0.6-7.el8.noarch              560/694 
  Verifying        : python3-nftables-1:0.9.3-21.el8.x86_64             561/694 
  Verifying        : python3-nftables-1:0.9.3-12.el8_2.1.x86_64         562/694 
  Verifying        : python3-perf-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64           563/694 
  Verifying        : python3-perf-4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2.x86_64          564/694 
  Verifying        : python3-pip-wheel-9.0.3-20.el8.noarch              565/694 
  Verifying        : python3-pip-wheel-9.0.3-16.el8.noarch              566/694 
  Verifying        : python3-ply-3.9-9.el8.noarch                       567/694 
  Verifying        : python3-ply-3.9-8.el8.noarch                       568/694 
  Verifying        : python3-policycoreutils-2.9-16.el8.noarch          569/694 
  Verifying        : python3-policycoreutils-2.9-9.el8.noarch           570/694 
  Verifying        : python3-rpm-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                   571/694 
  Verifying        : python3-rpm-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64                   572/694 
  Verifying        : python3-setools-4.3.0-2.el8.x86_64                 573/694 
  Verifying        : python3-setools-4.2.2-2.el8.x86_64                 574/694 
  Verifying        : python3-setuptools-39.2.0-6.el8.noarch             575/694 
  Verifying        : python3-setuptools-39.2.0-5.el8.noarch             576/694 
  Verifying        : python3-setuptools-wheel-39.2.0-6.el8.noarch       577/694 
  Verifying        : python3-setuptools-wheel-39.2.0-5.el8.noarch       578/694 
  Verifying        : python3-sssdconfig-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.noarch          579/694 
  Verifying        : python3-sssdconfig-2.2.3-20.el8.noarch             580/694 
  Verifying        : python3-syspurpose-1.28.21-3.el8.x86_64            581/694 
  Verifying        : python3-syspurpose-1.26.20-1.el8_2.x86_64          582/694 
  Verifying        : python3-urllib3-1.24.2-5.el8.noarch                583/694 
  Verifying        : python3-urllib3-1.24.2-4.el8.noarch                584/694 
  Verifying        : quota-1:4.04-14.el8.x86_64                         585/694 
  Verifying        : quota-1:4.04-10.el8.x86_64                         586/694 
  Verifying        : quota-nls-1:4.04-14.el8.noarch                     587/694 
  Verifying        : quota-nls-1:4.04-10.el8.noarch                     588/694 
  Verifying        : realmd-0.16.3-23.el8.x86_64                        589/694 
  Verifying        : realmd-0.16.3-18.el8.x86_64                        590/694 
  Verifying        : rng-tools-6.13-1.git.d207e0b6.el8.x86_64           591/694 
  Verifying        : rng-tools-6.8-3.el8.x86_64                         592/694 
  Verifying        : rpm-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                           593/694 
  Verifying        : rpm-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64                           594/694 
  Verifying        : rpm-build-libs-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                595/694 
  Verifying        : rpm-build-libs-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64                596/694 
  Verifying        : rpm-libs-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                      597/694 
  Verifying        : rpm-libs-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64                      598/694 
  Verifying        : rpm-plugin-selinux-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64            599/694 
  Verifying        : rpm-plugin-selinux-4.14.2-37.el8.x86_64            600/694 
  Verifying        : rsync-3.1.3-12.el8.x86_64                          601/694 
  Verifying        : rsync-3.1.3-7.el8.x86_64                           602/694 
  Verifying        : samba-client-libs-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64            603/694 
  Verifying        : samba-client-libs-4.11.2-13.el8.x86_64             604/694 
  Verifying        : samba-common-4.14.5-7.el8_5.noarch                 605/694 
  Verifying        : samba-common-4.11.2-13.el8.noarch                  606/694 
  Verifying        : samba-common-libs-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64            607/694 
  Verifying        : samba-common-libs-4.11.2-13.el8.x86_64             608/694 
  Verifying        : sed-4.5-2.el8.x86_64                               609/694 
  Verifying        : sed-4.5-1.el8.x86_64                               610/694 
  Verifying        : selinux-policy-3.14.3-80.el8_5.2.noarch            611/694 
  Verifying        : selinux-policy-3.14.3-41.el8_2.8.noarch            612/694 
  Verifying        : selinux-policy-targeted-3.14.3-80.el8_5.2.noarch   613/694 
  Verifying        : selinux-policy-targeted-3.14.3-41.el8_2.8.noarch   614/694 
  Verifying        : setup-2.12.2-6.el8.noarch                          615/694 
  Verifying        : setup-2.12.2-5.el8.noarch                          616/694 
  Verifying        : shadow-utils-2:4.6-14.el8.x86_64                   617/694 
  Verifying        : shadow-utils-2:4.6-8.el8.x86_64                    618/694 
  Verifying        : smartmontools-1:7.1-1.el8.x86_64                   619/694 
  Verifying        : smartmontools-1:6.6-3.el8.x86_64                   620/694 
  Verifying        : snappy-1.1.8-3.el8.x86_64                          621/694 
  Verifying        : snappy-1.1.7-5.el8.x86_64                          622/694 
  Verifying        : sos-4.1-5.el8.noarch                               623/694 
  Verifying        : sos-3.8-7.el8_2.noarch                             624/694 
  Verifying        : sqlite-libs-3.26.0-15.el8.x86_64                   625/694 
  Verifying        : sqlite-libs-3.26.0-6.el8.x86_64                    626/694 
  Verifying        : squashfs-tools-4.3-20.el8.x86_64                   627/694 
  Verifying        : squashfs-tools-4.3-19.el8.x86_64                   628/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                        629/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                           630/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-ad-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                     631/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-ad-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                        632/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-client-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 633/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-client-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    634/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                 635/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-common-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                    636/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-common-pac-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64             637/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-common-pac-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                638/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-ipa-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                    639/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-ipa-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                       640/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-kcm-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                    641/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-kcm-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                       642/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-krb5-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                   643/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-krb5-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                      644/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-krb5-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64            645/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-krb5-common-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64               646/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-ldap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                   647/694 
  Verifying        : sssd-ldap-2.2.3-20.el8.x86_64                      648/694 
  Verifying        : strace-5.7-3.el8.x86_64                            649/694 
  Verifying        : strace-4.24-9.el8.x86_64                           650/694 
  Verifying        : sudo-1.8.29-7.el8_4.1.x86_64                       651/694 
  Verifying        : sudo-1.8.29-5.el8.x86_64                           652/694 
  Verifying        : systemd-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                      653/694 
  Verifying        : systemd-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                      654/694 
  Verifying        : systemd-libs-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                 655/694 
  Verifying        : systemd-libs-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                 656/694 
  Verifying        : systemd-pam-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                  657/694 
  Verifying        : systemd-pam-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                  658/694 
  Verifying        : systemd-udev-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                 659/694 
  Verifying        : systemd-udev-239-31.el8_2.2.x86_64                 660/694 
  Verifying        : tar-2:1.30-5.el8.x86_64                            661/694 
  Verifying        : tar-2:1.30-4.el8.x86_64                            662/694 
  Verifying        : teamd-1.31-2.el8.x86_64                            663/694 
  Verifying        : teamd-1.29-1.el8_2.2.x86_64                        664/694 
  Verifying        : tuned-2.16.0-1.el8.noarch                          665/694 
  Verifying        : tuned-2.13.0-6.el8.noarch                          666/694 
  Verifying        : tzdata-2021e-1.el8.noarch                          667/694 
  Verifying        : tzdata-2020d-1.el8.noarch                          668/694 
  Verifying        : unzip-6.0-45.el8_4.x86_64                          669/694 
  Verifying        : unzip-6.0-43.el8.x86_64                            670/694 
  Verifying        : util-linux-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                    671/694 
  Verifying        : util-linux-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64                    672/694 
  Verifying        : util-linux-user-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64               673/694 
  Verifying        : util-linux-user-2.32.1-22.el8.x86_64               674/694 
  Verifying        : vdo-6.2.5.74-14.el8.x86_64                         675/694 
  Verifying        : vdo-6.2.2.117-13.el8.x86_64                        676/694 
  Verifying        : vim-minimal-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64               677/694 
  Verifying        : vim-minimal-2:8.0.1763-13.el8.x86_64               678/694 
  Verifying        : virt-what-1.18-12.el8.x86_64                       679/694 
  Verifying        : virt-what-1.18-6.el8.x86_64                        680/694 
  Verifying        : which-2.21-16.el8.x86_64                           681/694 
  Verifying        : which-2.21-12.el8.x86_64                           682/694 
  Verifying        : xfsprogs-5.0.0-9.el8.x86_64                        683/694 
  Verifying        : xfsprogs-5.0.0-2.el8.x86_64                        684/694 
  Verifying        : yum-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                             685/694 
  Verifying        : yum-4.2.17-7.el8_2.noarch                          686/694 
  Verifying        : yum-utils-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch                      687/694 
  Verifying        : yum-utils-4.0.12-4.el8_2.noarch                    688/694 
  Verifying        : zlib-1.2.11-17.el8.x86_64                          689/694 
  Verifying        : zlib-1.2.11-16.el8_2.x86_64                        690/694 
  Verifying        : WALinuxAgent-2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8.noarch            691/694 
  Verifying        : WALinuxAgent-2.2.45-1_ol001.el8.noarch             692/694 
  Verifying        : centos-gpg-keys-1:8-3_ol001.el8.noarch             693/694 
  Verifying        : centos-gpg-keys-8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8.noarch          694/694 

Upgraded:
  NetworkManager-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64                                         
  NetworkManager-libnm-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64                                   
  NetworkManager-team-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64                                    
  NetworkManager-tui-1:1.32.10-4.el8.x86_64                                     
  WALinuxAgent-2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8.noarch                                       
  authselect-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64                                                 
  authselect-compat-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64                                          
  authselect-libs-1.2.2-3.el8.x86_64                                            
  avahi-libs-0.7-20.el8.x86_64                                                  
  bash-4.4.20-2.el8.x86_64                                                      
  bind-export-libs-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64                                      
  bind-libs-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64                                             
  bind-libs-lite-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64                                        
  bind-license-32:9.11.26-6.el8.noarch                                          
  bind-utils-32:9.11.26-6.el8.x86_64                                            
  binutils-2.30-108.el8_5.1.x86_64                                              
  bpftool-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                                           
  brotli-1.0.6-3.el8.x86_64                                                     
  ca-certificates-2021.2.50-80.0.el8_4.noarch                                   
  centos-gpg-keys-1:8-3_ol001.el8.noarch                                        
  chkconfig-1.19.1-1.el8.x86_64                                                 
  chrony-4.1-1.el8.x86_64                                                       
  cloud-init-21.1-7.el8_5.3.noarch                                              
  cloud-utils-growpart-0.31-3.el8.noarch                                        
  cockpit-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                                                    
  cockpit-bridge-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                                             
  cockpit-system-251.1-1.el8.noarch                                             
  cockpit-ws-251.1-1.el8.x86_64                                                 
  coreutils-8.30-12.el8.x86_64                                                  
  coreutils-common-8.30-12.el8.x86_64                                           
  cpio-2.12-10.el8.x86_64                                                       
  crontabs-1.11-17.20190603git.el8.noarch                                       
  crypto-policies-20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el8.noarch                              
  cryptsetup-2.3.3-4.el8.x86_64                                                 
  cryptsetup-libs-2.3.3-4.el8.x86_64                                            
  cups-libs-1:2.2.6-40.el8.x86_64                                               
  curl-7.61.1-22.el8.x86_64                                                     
  cyrus-sasl-gssapi-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64                                         
  cyrus-sasl-lib-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64                                            
  cyrus-sasl-plain-2.1.27-5.el8.x86_64                                          
  dbus-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                                                   
  dbus-common-1:1.12.8-14.el8.noarch                                            
  dbus-daemon-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                                            
  dbus-libs-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                                              
  dbus-tools-1:1.12.8-14.el8.x86_64                                             
  device-mapper-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64                                        
  device-mapper-event-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64                                  
  device-mapper-event-libs-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64                             
  device-mapper-libs-8:1.02.177-10.el8.x86_64                                   
  device-mapper-persistent-data-0.9.0-4.el8.x86_64                              
  dhcp-client-12:4.3.6-45.el8.x86_64                                            
  dhcp-common-12:4.3.6-45.el8.noarch                                            
  dhcp-libs-12:4.3.6-45.el8.x86_64                                              
  dmidecode-1:3.2-10.el8.x86_64                                                 
  dnf-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                                                        
  dnf-data-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                                                   
  dnf-plugins-core-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch                                          
  dracut-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_64                                         
  dracut-network-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_64                                 
  dracut-squash-049-191.git20210920.el8.x86_64                                  
  e2fsprogs-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                                                 
  e2fsprogs-libs-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                                            
  efi-filesystem-3-3.el8.noarch                                                 
  efivar-37-4.el8.x86_64                                                        
  efivar-libs-37-4.el8.x86_64                                                   
  elfutils-default-yama-scope-0.185-1.el8.noarch                                
  elfutils-libelf-0.185-1.el8.x86_64                                            
  elfutils-libs-0.185-1.el8.x86_64                                              
  emacs-filesystem-1:26.1-7.el8.noarch                                          
  ethtool-2:5.8-7.el8.x86_64                                                    
  expat-2.2.5-4.el8.x86_64                                                      
  file-5.33-20.el8.x86_64                                                       
  file-libs-5.33-20.el8.x86_64                                                  
  filesystem-3.8-6.el8.x86_64                                                   
  firewalld-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch                                                  
  firewalld-filesystem-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch                                       
  fprintd-1.90.9-2.el8.x86_64                                                   
  fprintd-pam-1.90.9-2.el8.x86_64                                               
  freetype-2.9.1-4.el8_3.1.x86_64                                               
  gawk-4.2.1-2.el8.x86_64                                                       
  glib2-2.56.4-156.el8.x86_64                                                   
  glibc-2.28-164.el8.x86_64                                                     
  glibc-all-langpacks-2.28-164.el8.x86_64                                       
  glibc-common-2.28-164.el8.x86_64                                              
  gnupg2-2.2.20-2.el8.x86_64                                                    
  gnutls-3.6.16-4.el8.x86_64                                                    
  gpgme-1.13.1-9.el8.x86_64                                                     
  gpm-libs-1.20.7-17.el8.x86_64                                                 
  grub2-common-1:2.02-106.el8.noarch                                            
  grub2-efi-x64-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                                           
  grub2-pc-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                                                
  grub2-pc-modules-1:2.02-106.el8.noarch                                        
  grub2-tools-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                                             
  grub2-tools-extra-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                                       
  grub2-tools-minimal-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                                     
  grubby-8.40-42.el8.x86_64                                                     
  gsettings-desktop-schemas-3.32.0-6.el8.x86_64                                 
  gzip-1.9-12.el8.x86_64                                                        
  hdparm-9.54-4.el8.x86_64                                                      
  hwdata-0.314-8.10.el8.noarch                                                  
  hyperv-daemons-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64                                  
  hyperv-daemons-license-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.noarch                          
  hypervfcopyd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64                                    
  hypervkvpd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64                                      
  hypervvssd-0-0.30.20180415git.el8.x86_64                                      
  ima-evm-utils-1.3.2-12.el8.x86_64                                             
  initscripts-10.00.15-1.el8.x86_64                                             
  iproute-5.12.0-4.el8.x86_64                                                   
  iptables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64                                                  
  iptables-ebtables-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64                                         
  iptables-libs-1.8.4-20.el8.x86_64                                             
  iputils-20180629-7.el8.x86_64                                                 
  irqbalance-2:1.4.0-6.el8.x86_64                                               
  json-c-0.13.1-2.el8.x86_64                                                    
  kbd-2.0.4-10.el8.x86_64                                                       
  kbd-legacy-2.0.4-10.el8.noarch                                                
  kbd-misc-2.0.4-10.el8.noarch                                                  
  kernel-tools-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                                      
  kernel-tools-libs-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                                 
  kexec-tools-2.0.20-57.el8_5.1.x86_64                                          
  keyutils-libs-1.5.10-9.el8.x86_64                                             
  kmod-25-18.el8.x86_64                                                         
  kmod-kvdo-6.2.5.72-81.el8.x86_64                                              
  kmod-libs-25-18.el8.x86_64                                                    
  kpatch-0.9.2-5.el8.noarch                                                     
  krb5-libs-1.18.2-14.el8.x86_64                                                
  ledmon-0.95-1.el8.x86_64                                                      
  libarchive-3.3.3-1.el8.x86_64                                                 
  libblkid-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                                                 
  libcap-2.26-5.el8.x86_64                                                      
  libcap-ng-0.7.11-1.el8.x86_64                                                 
  libcom_err-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                                                
  libcomps-0.1.16-2.el8.x86_64                                                  
  libcurl-7.61.1-22.el8.x86_64                                                  
  libdb-5.3.28-42.el8_4.x86_64                                                  
  libdb-utils-5.3.28-42.el8_4.x86_64                                            
  libdnf-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64                                                    
  libfastjson-0.99.9-1.el8.x86_64                                               
  libfdisk-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                                                 
  libffi-3.1-22.el8.x86_64                                                      
  libfprint-1.90.7-1.el8.x86_64                                                 
  libgcc-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                                                   
  libgcrypt-1.8.5-6.el8.x86_64                                                  
  libgomp-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                                                  
  libipa_hbac-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                            
  libkcapi-1.2.0-2.el8.x86_64                                                   
  libkcapi-hmaccalc-1.2.0-2.el8.x86_64                                          
  libldb-2.3.0-2.el8.x86_64                                                     
  libmaxminddb-1.2.0-10.el8.x86_64                                              
  libmodulemd1-1.8.16-0.2.13.0.1.x86_64                                         
  libmount-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                                                 
  libndp-1.7-6.el8.x86_64                                                       
  libpcap-14:1.9.1-5.el8.x86_64                                                 
  libpsl-0.20.2-6.el8.x86_64                                                    
  libpwquality-1.4.4-3.el8.x86_64                                               
  librelp-1.9.0-1.el8.x86_64                                                    
  librepo-1.14.0-2.el8.x86_64                                                   
  libreport-filesystem-2.9.5-15.el8.x86_64                                      
  libseccomp-2.5.1-1.el8.x86_64                                                 
  libselinux-2.9-5.el8.x86_64                                                   
  libselinux-utils-2.9-5.el8.x86_64                                             
  libsemanage-2.9-6.el8.x86_64                                                  
  libsepol-2.9-3.el8.x86_64                                                     
  libsmartcols-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                                             
  libsmbclient-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64                                            
  libsolv-0.7.19-1.el8.x86_64                                                   
  libss-1.45.6-2.el8.x86_64                                                     
  libssh-0.9.4-3.el8.x86_64                                                     
  libssh-config-0.9.4-3.el8.noarch                                              
  libsss_certmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                         
  libsss_idmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                           
  libsss_nss_idmap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                       
  libstdc++-8.5.0-4.el8_5.x86_64                                                
  libstoragemgmt-1.9.1-1.el8.x86_64                                             
  libtalloc-2.3.2-1.el8.x86_64                                                  
  libtdb-1.4.3-1.el8.x86_64                                                     
  libteam-1.31-2.el8.x86_64                                                     
  libtevent-0.11.0-0.el8.x86_64                                                 
  libtirpc-1.1.4-5.el8.x86_64                                                   
  libusbx-1.0.23-4.el8.x86_64                                                   
  libuuid-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                                                  
  libwbclient-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64                                             
  libxcrypt-4.1.1-6.el8.x86_64                                                  
  libxml2-2.9.7-9.el8_4.2.x86_64                                                
  libzstd-1.4.4-1.el8.x86_64                                                    
  linux-firmware-20210702-103.gitd79c2677.el8.noarch                            
  logrotate-3.14.0-4.el8.x86_64                                                 
  lshw-B.02.19.2-6.el8.x86_64                                                   
  lsof-4.93.2-1.el8.x86_64                                                      
  lsscsi-0.32-3.el8.x86_64                                                      
  lua-libs-5.3.4-12.el8.x86_64                                                  
  lvm2-8:2.03.12-10.el8.x86_64                                                  
  lvm2-libs-8:2.03.12-10.el8.x86_64                                             
  lz4-libs-1.8.3-3.el8_4.x86_64                                                 
  man-db-2.7.6.1-18.el8.x86_64                                                  
  mcelog-3:175-1.el8.x86_64                                                     
  mdadm-4.2-rc2.el8.x86_64                                                      
  microcode_ctl-4:20210608-1.el8.x86_64                                         
  mokutil-1:0.3.0-11.el8.x86_64                                                 
  ncurses-6.1-9.20180224.el8.x86_64                                             
  ncurses-base-6.1-9.20180224.el8.noarch                                        
  ncurses-libs-6.1-9.20180224.el8.x86_64                                        
  net-tools-2.0-0.52.20160912git.el8.x86_64                                     
  nettle-3.4.1-7.el8.x86_64                                                     
  nftables-1:0.9.3-21.el8.x86_64                                                
  nmap-ncat-2:7.70-6.el8.x86_64                                                 
  nspr-4.32.0-1.el8_4.x86_64                                                    
  nss-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                                                     
  nss-softokn-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                                             
  nss-softokn-freebl-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                                      
  nss-sysinit-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                                             
  nss-util-3.67.0-7.el8_5.x86_64                                                
  numactl-libs-2.0.12-13.el8.x86_64                                             
  openldap-2.4.46-18.el8.x86_64                                                 
  openssh-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                                                   
  openssh-clients-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                                           
  openssh-server-8.0p1-10.el8.x86_64                                            
  openssl-1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5.x86_64                                               
  openssl-libs-1:1.1.1k-5.el8_5.x86_64                                          
  os-prober-1.74-9.el8.x86_64                                                   
  p11-kit-0.23.22-1.el8.x86_64                                                  
  p11-kit-trust-0.23.22-1.el8.x86_64                                            
  pam-1.3.1-15.el8.x86_64                                                       
  parted-3.2-39.el8.x86_64                                                      
  pciutils-3.7.0-1.el8.x86_64                                                   
  pciutils-libs-3.7.0-1.el8.x86_64                                              
  pcre-8.42-6.el8.x86_64                                                        
  pcre2-10.32-2.el8.x86_64                                                      
  platform-python-3.6.8-41.el8.x86_64                                           
  platform-python-pip-9.0.3-20.el8.noarch                                       
  platform-python-setuptools-39.2.0-6.el8.noarch                                
  policycoreutils-2.9-16.el8.x86_64                                             
  polkit-0.115-12.el8.x86_64                                                    
  polkit-libs-0.115-12.el8.x86_64                                               
  popt-1.18-1.el8.x86_64                                                        
  procps-ng-3.3.15-6.el8.x86_64                                                 
  python3-babel-2.5.1-7.el8.noarch                                              
  python3-bind-32:9.11.26-6.el8.noarch                                          
  python3-cryptography-3.2.1-5.el8.x86_64                                       
  python3-dnf-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                                                
  python3-dnf-plugins-core-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch                                  
  python3-firewall-0.9.3-7.el8.noarch                                           
  python3-gobject-base-3.28.3-2.el8.x86_64                                      
  python3-gpg-1.13.1-9.el8.x86_64                                               
  python3-hawkey-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64                                            
  python3-jinja2-2.10.1-3.el8.noarch                                            
  python3-libcomps-0.1.16-2.el8.x86_64                                          
  python3-libdnf-0.63.0-3.el8.x86_64                                            
  python3-librepo-1.14.0-2.el8.x86_64                                           
  python3-libs-3.6.8-41.el8.x86_64                                              
  python3-libselinux-2.9-5.el8.x86_64                                           
  python3-libsemanage-2.9-6.el8.x86_64                                          
  python3-libstoragemgmt-1.9.1-1.el8.x86_64                                     
  python3-libxml2-2.9.7-9.el8_4.2.x86_64                                        
  python3-linux-procfs-0.6.3-1.el8.noarch                                       
  python3-nftables-1:0.9.3-21.el8.x86_64                                        
  python3-perf-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                                      
  python3-pip-9.0.3-20.el8.noarch                                               
  python3-pip-wheel-9.0.3-20.el8.noarch                                         
  python3-ply-3.9-9.el8.noarch                                                  
  python3-policycoreutils-2.9-16.el8.noarch                                     
  python3-pyOpenSSL-19.0.0-1.el8.noarch                                         
  python3-rpm-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                                              
  python3-setools-4.3.0-2.el8.x86_64                                            
  python3-setuptools-39.2.0-6.el8.noarch                                        
  python3-setuptools-wheel-39.2.0-6.el8.noarch                                  
  python3-sssdconfig-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.noarch                                     
  python3-syspurpose-1.28.21-3.el8.x86_64                                       
  python3-urllib3-1.24.2-5.el8.noarch                                           
  python36-3.6.8-38.module_el8.5.0+895+a459eca8.x86_64                          
  quota-1:4.04-14.el8.x86_64                                                    
  quota-nls-1:4.04-14.el8.noarch                                                
  realmd-0.16.3-23.el8.x86_64                                                   
  rng-tools-6.13-1.git.d207e0b6.el8.x86_64                                      
  rpm-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                                                      
  rpm-build-libs-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                                           
  rpm-libs-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                                                 
  rpm-plugin-selinux-4.14.3-19.el8.x86_64                                       
  rsync-3.1.3-12.el8.x86_64                                                     
  rsyslog-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                                                 
  rsyslog-gnutls-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                                          
  rsyslog-gssapi-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                                          
  rsyslog-relp-8.2102.0-5.el8.x86_64                                            
  samba-client-libs-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64                                       
  samba-common-4.14.5-7.el8_5.noarch                                            
  samba-common-libs-4.14.5-7.el8_5.x86_64                                       
  sed-4.5-2.el8.x86_64                                                          
  selinux-policy-3.14.3-80.el8_5.2.noarch                                       
  selinux-policy-targeted-3.14.3-80.el8_5.2.noarch                              
  setup-2.12.2-6.el8.noarch                                                     
  shadow-utils-2:4.6-14.el8.x86_64                                              
  smartmontools-1:7.1-1.el8.x86_64                                              
  snappy-1.1.8-3.el8.x86_64                                                     
  sos-4.1-5.el8.noarch                                                          
  sqlite-libs-3.26.0-15.el8.x86_64                                              
  squashfs-tools-4.3-20.el8.x86_64                                              
  sssd-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                                   
  sssd-ad-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                                
  sssd-client-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                            
  sssd-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                            
  sssd-common-pac-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                        
  sssd-ipa-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                               
  sssd-kcm-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                               
  sssd-krb5-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                              
  sssd-krb5-common-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                       
  sssd-ldap-2.5.2-2.el8_5.3.x86_64                                              
  strace-5.7-3.el8.x86_64                                                       
  sudo-1.8.29-7.el8_4.1.x86_64                                                  
  systemd-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                                                 
  systemd-libs-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                                            
  systemd-pam-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                                             
  systemd-udev-239-51.el8_5.2.x86_64                                            
  tar-2:1.30-5.el8.x86_64                                                       
  tcpdump-14:4.9.3-2.el8.x86_64                                                 
  teamd-1.31-2.el8.x86_64                                                       
  tuned-2.16.0-1.el8.noarch                                                     
  tzdata-2021e-1.el8.noarch                                                     
  unzip-6.0-45.el8_4.x86_64                                                     
  util-linux-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                                               
  util-linux-user-2.32.1-28.el8.x86_64                                          
  vdo-6.2.5.74-14.el8.x86_64                                                    
  vim-common-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64                                           
  vim-enhanced-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64                                         
  vim-filesystem-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.noarch                                       
  vim-minimal-2:8.0.1763-16.el8.x86_64                                          
  virt-what-1.18-12.el8.x86_64                                                  
  wget-1.19.5-10.el8.x86_64                                                     
  which-2.21-16.el8.x86_64                                                      
  xfsprogs-5.0.0-9.el8.x86_64                                                   
  yum-4.7.0-4.el8.noarch                                                        
  yum-utils-4.0.21-3.el8.noarch                                                 
  zlib-1.2.11-17.el8.x86_64                                                     

Installed:
  ModemManager-glib-1.10.8-4.el8.x86_64                                         
  WALinuxAgent-udev-2.7.3.0-1_ol002.el8.noarch                                  
  bubblewrap-0.4.0-1.el8.x86_64                                                 
  centos-linux-release-8.5-1.2111.el8.noarch                                    
  centos-linux-repos-8-3_ol001.el8.noarch                                       
  crypto-policies-scripts-20210617-1.gitc776d3e.el8.noarch                      
  fstrm-0.6.1-2.el8.x86_64                                                      
  fwupd-1.5.9-1.el8_4.x86_64                                                    
  grub2-tools-efi-1:2.02-106.el8.x86_64                                         
  kernel-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                                            
  kernel-core-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                                       
  kernel-modules-4.18.0-348.7.1.el8_5.x86_64                                    
  libbpf-0.4.0-1.el8.x86_64                                                     
  libgcab1-1.1-1.el8.x86_64                                                     
  libibverbs-35.0-1.el8.x86_64                                                  
  libicu-60.3-2.el8_1.x86_64                                                    
  libmbim-1.20.2-1.el8.x86_64                                                   
  libmodulemd-2.13.0-1.el8.x86_64                                               
  libqmi-1.24.0-3.el8.x86_64                                                    
  libsmbios-2.4.1-2.el8.x86_64                                                  
  libxmlb-0.1.15-1.el8.x86_64                                                   
  lmdb-libs-0.9.24-1.el8.x86_64                                                 
  protobuf-c-1.3.0-6.el8.x86_64                                                 
  rdma-core-35.0-1.el8.x86_64                                                   
  shared-mime-info-1.9-3.el8.x86_64                                             
  tpm2-tss-2.3.2-4.el8.x86_64                                                   

Complete!


REBOOT LOGS:
System Information for 10.4.0.9
========================================

Command: cat /etc/os-release
NAME="CentOS Linux"
VERSION="8"
ID="centos"
ID_LIKE="rhel fedora"
VERSION_ID="8"
PLATFORM_ID="platform:el8"
PRETTY_NAME="CentOS Linux 8"
ANSI_COLOR="0;31"
CPE_NAME="cpe:/o:centos:centos:8"
HOME_URL="https://centos.org/"
BUG_REPORT_URL="https://bugs.centos.org/"
CENTOS_MANTISBT_PROJECT="CentOS-8"
CENTOS_MANTISBT_PROJECT_VERSION="8"

Command: date
Sun Apr  6 03:52:41 UTC 2025

Command: uptime -p
up 20 minutes

Command: free -h
total        used        free      shared  buff/cache   available
Mem:          914Mi       216Mi       159Mi        12Mi       539Mi       535Mi
Swap:            0B          0B          0B

Command: df -h
Filesystem      Size  Used Avail Use% Mounted on
devtmpfs        442M     0  442M   0% /dev
tmpfs           458M     0  458M   0% /dev/shm
tmpfs           458M   13M  446M   3% /run
tmpfs           458M     0  458M   0% /sys/fs/cgroup
/dev/sdb2        30G  2.4G   27G   9% /
/dev/sdb1       496M  110M  387M  23% /boot
/dev/sdb15      495M  7.3M  488M   2% /boot/efi
/dev/sda1       3.9G   16M  3.7G   1% /mnt/resource
tmpfs            92M     0   92M   0% /run/user/1000

Service Recovery Attempts:
Restart run-re9d6469ac245496abbeeaec219dbbc2f.service: Failed
Restart chronyd.service: Success
Restart run-r9c0741bdf4d84a5091c7057fe08b743e.service: Failed
